One, two.
Now, I know I'm not in uniform right now.
That's because I'm going undercover.
In light of all the recent false flag shootings, you might be wondering, how do I get in on the action, you know?
What do I gotta do to be the lucky guy that gets recruited to do something crazy?
I might get in on that action.
Lucky for you, citizen of the United States, Biden's Build Back Better bill, because he loves you so much, absconded in the 10,000 pages federal false flag subsidization program.
For example, if you're thinking, you know what, maybe I don't have the nerve to do something crazy.
We'll give you all the SSRIs and fluoride you need.
You're thinking, where do I get the money for these fancy guns?
Where do you think these like
mentally ill mcdonalds workers got the money from in this economy if you're wondering where to get money from just go on the internet and say that you're having violent thoughts all of our boys will swarm in there onto your venmo account to send you money our best discord groomers do your discord account to give you all the instruction manuals quick rundowns and everything really we're trying to make this as easy for you as possible especially if you're a minority
If you're retarded in some way, we have all the affirmative action to get you on your feet.
Before you get started, though, we don't want you to injure yourself in any way, at least not yet.
You can do that after it's all said and done.
Here's a little thing you gotta know about gun safety, first of all, is you want to be waving it in as many directions as possible at all times.
Loaded.
Check the chamber to make sure there's a bullet in there.
Just have fun with it, really.
Do it for me.
Do it to save the Whiterace.
Hey, what's up, guys?
It's Soph here.
Just getting ready for the Pride Parade.
Oh, hey.
Didn't see you there.
I'm just here getting ready to go to the Pride Parade, considering I'm going to a GSA meet pretty soon.
So when you're kind of, you know, playing around with a gun as you do, you should always be playing around with it.
You want to keep your finger directly on the trigger so you're always ready in case any sort of homosexual person strolls by.
I need to see you holding the gun like this, okay?
I want you to take yourself out.
The way you gotta do it, you gotta take your gun like so, thusly, and, uh, you know, shoot yourself in the back of the head.
So guys, one of the classic ways to make your whole thing more comical is going akimbo.
Very impractical, very untactical.
You want to make sure you're really close together.
If you start hitting each other when you're trying to shoot, you start colliding with each other, you're shooting your other gun with each other.
If you're worried your gun might be malfunctioning and isn't working properly, just make sure to test it on yourself.
Alright guys, you wanna make sure to do some shenanigans as far as, you know, how many bullets your man is actually carrying.
So just make it so that the numbers don't add up.
So, just in case you're not very imaginative, I'll give you some ideas of what sort of things you're supposed to say when you're shooting, okay?
Alright.
I'm doing this for you, Hitler!
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
pass the time to our next honored guest.
And yeah, I will keep fighting until the last minute.
Last minute, for me, all for Chinese Communist Party.
Thank you.
Dr. Li Min Yang is not only a hero to the Chinese people, not only a hero to the American people, she's a hero to all mankind.
The last thing I want to say, when Dr. Li-Man Yang left Hong Kong in the middle of the night because of the great work of the Rule of Law Foundation, the Rule of Law Society, the great heroes there and supporters, she defected and came out with tremendous danger to herself.
When she first got here, I think we spent three, four, five days in due diligence with lawyers and scientists and all of that.
Stop lying!
I have to say about her personal journey, she was
very meek, very shy.
The woman that was on the stage tonight was so shy and so demurred.
I got to tell you, one year of breathing the fresh air of freedom has... Stop lying!
We have to get her citizenship because we need her to run for the United States Senate.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ariel.
Oh, look, JC on the bike was timed out by Risa.
Oh, time out, JC on the bike.
JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike.
Yeah.
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chump needs banning.
And I know just the one.
Look around.
It's JC on the bike.
Who says Vader didn't study music in college?
Oh, the next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the, of America, of the American people is being used to create the crisis.
They need to divide and conquer us to ruin maybe America.
I don't know, crash the dollar.
I don't know, steal the rest of our, our, what limited treasury value we have left.
I don't know, but I know for sure.
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary and more importantly never be possible.
Protect yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
Keep it clean.
Touch gloves if you wish.
Let's do it.
The Matrix is a system, Neil.
That system is our enemy.
When you're inside, you look around, what do you see?
Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters, the very minds of the people we are trying to save.
But until we do, these people are still a part of that system, and that makes them our enemy.
You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged.
And many of them are so inert, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it.
Were you listening to me, Neo?
Or were you looking at the woman in the red dress?
I was... Look again.
Who is it?
This... This isn't the Matrix.
No.
It's another training program designed to teach you one thing.
If you are not one of us, you are one of them.
Can you feel it coming in the air tonight?
Oh, Lord.
And I've been waiting for this moment for all my life.
Can you feel it coming in the air tonight?
Oh, Lord.
You told me you were drowning I was not in the hand I've seen your face before, my friend But I don't know if you know who I am Well, I was there when I saw what you did I saw it with my own two eyes
I know where you've been.
It's all been a pack of lies.
I can feel it coming in the air tonight.
Oh, Lord.
Well, I've been waiting for this moment for all my life.
I can feel it coming in the air tonight, oh Lord.
And I've been waiting for this all night, for all my life.
last time we ever met.
But I know the reason why you keep your silence up.
The beautiful me, the hurt doesn't show, but the pain still grows.
Some strangers
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
you
Hey, good morning everybody.
It is 10.30 in the morning on the 1st of August 2024.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
Let's see here.
Yeah, I used to be an academic biologist.
And while I was an academic biologist, I used to record from brain slices of different animals to try and understand little microcircuits, to try and understand neuropharmacology and biophysics of ion channels.
And so I used a lot of microscopes and I used a lot of animals.
And the recordings that I made actually formed gigaohm seals.
It was part of the reason why we got such high resistance, low noise recordings.
And since we started making this stream, we started to use gigaohm biological high resistance, low noise for the same reason.
And so many, many years later, the most high resistance, low noise statements that I can make to start every show I make,
and those are intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection, transformation and healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses or RNA is not a pattern integrity and it doesn't matter
what kind of RNA it is or what special combinations of bases that your particular RNA has, it doesn't jump the shark, so to speak, from being a molecule to being a pattern integrity.
And that's the trick here.
We need a new consensus about this.
We need a new consensus about the fact that everybody should have done known better.
that transfection and transformation in healthy humans was always criminally negligent, and that they were, by over 30 years of failure, very much motivated to murder and lie about it in order to get people to believe that transfection
is a useful methodology for augmenting the human system in general, never mind disguising it as a vaccine for now or a cancer cure for now, which it may or may not do, the latter, but the former is absolutely absurd.
And in fact, we know that because the vaccine schedule in America has been a criminal enterprise for years before the pandemic.
And it's something that
in a limited spectrum way, CHD and ICANN were fighting before the pandemic, but I'm starting to feel as though those organizations were somehow impotent in their ability to get the ball across the finish line before the pandemic.
And maybe even when they started to finally have the momentum that was necessary in the form of Vaxxed and Vaxxed 2, that momentum was somehow
I don't know, abruptly ended by the pandemic.
And so there's lots of ways to look at it.
But from my perspective, these people are all part of a sort of limited spectrum of debate that should have come to this.
This should have been on their banners a long time ago.
You know, like, look, I'm just going to take what's off my door here and show you what I mean.
This is spontaneous.
I didn't mean to do this.
Hold on one second, I'm coming back.
It's got fake magnets.
So my friend, I've been plugged back in.
My old buddy at the University of Pittsburgh used to always take apart old hard drives and then you'd get these super magnets out of them and then, you know, the ones that are flat that don't have any legs on them are really nice for sticking to metal doors and stuff like that, but they're also very hard to get off.
So what I'm saying is, and this is my argument about ICANN and about children's health defense.
I'm arguing for one specific thing here.
I'm trying to say, look, we need a new consensus about certain things, right?
Certain things we need a consensus about.
That's what I'm trying to say with these words up here.
What is their consensus?
Their consensus is rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lies, courage over fear.
So how's that gonna get America out of this mess?
How does that inform parents about the vaccine schedule?
How does that inform young college kids about how distorted the public health message is to the point where they can't make informed consent happen anymore?
How is that helping anyone if this is all they put on their very expensive vinyl banners for their annual conference?
That's the best they can do.
It's like a goal.
It's like a goal that will never be reached.
They need money until the end of time because they don't have a goal.
There is no end.
And the end should be right here.
This is the end that these people should be fighting for.
They were fighting for it before the pandemic, I thought.
But they're not fighting for it now, and we need to fight for it.
I want to fight for this.
Gigaohm Biological is fighting for this.
Make no mistake about it.
If you want to argue that RNA can pandemic, that's fine.
I'm still arguing about this.
The vaccine schedule in the United States is a criminal enterprise.
And while you're running around talking about shooters or whether the audio is right or whether Las Vegas had 50 shooters and helicopters, you are ignoring the vaccine schedule in America and children are continued to be harmed and damaged and permanently altered by this.
This is it, okay?
If you're not gonna talk about adults getting sucked into street opiates, you're not gonna talk about the devastating effect that the last four years has had on our school systems, then at least please, let's talk about the vaccine schedule in America that should have been talked about long before the pandemic.
And let's get more specific than rise and resist.
People over profits, truth over lies, courage over fear.
Do you even know what I stand for if I say these words together?
If I started GigaOM Biological with this every day, would that help clear it?
Would I get more viewers?
Would I get more supporters?
What is this?
Now keep in mind,
that I took that banner home with me because at the time I was proud to be a part of CHD.
I wanted it on my wall.
I wanted to be a part of this movement because I thought that's what this movement was.
I thought it was about the truth.
I thought it was about saving future generations from these mythologies, but it's not.
It's about rising and resisting.
It's about courage over fear.
It's about, I guess, something over profits, but it's not about these things.
It's not about these things.
And the way we got here is specifically because of this seeming incompetence or lack of focused goals or lack of the right question.
They created this illusion of consensus.
They gamed it out at a table.
They knew how many questions can we make them ask before they'll finally get to the truth?
How many different obstacles could we put in?
How many different detours?
How many different circumlocuting
paths to the truth can we create with an orchestrated barbershop quartet of liars that no matter which four you choose they all are harmonizing together and you can mix them all together because they all know the the song
And so if you choose Jessica Rose to be your soprano, but then you put, you know, Bret Weinstein in the background as the baritone and you have Robert Malone as the bass, then it doesn't really matter who you choose as your tenor because they all know the same song.
They're all going to sing it.
So if it's Steve Kirsch, the tenor, or Ahmed Malik, it doesn't matter.
And so if we go back to March, 2017, and we see that Robert Malone is just as savvy as he is now with the, with the biosecurity state and the, I've been so many epidemic guy and I'm so, you know, talented and, and insightful.
And I'm, I'm the dude that stands in front of the contagion infectious disease today banner and gives an interview about how we need to fear free range RNA, RNA molecules, including Arbo viruses.
we go forward to 2018, we find an interesting little thing where Li Min Yan is presenting with some of the biggest names in the NIAID national security state infrastructure about universal flu vaccines.
And then just one and a half years later, she decides to be the whistleblower against all these people that her and her husband and her mother-in-laws all work for.
You know, Li Min Yan, Dream in the Eyes, promoted by Steve Bannon and Giuliani and some weird Chinese billionaire, supposedly.
and on Fox News, and nobody over there in the blue ever questioned her.
Nobody said, wow, it's interesting that Leigh Minyan was essentially an NIAID wannabe Robert Malone, wannabe Tony Fauci, wannabe Christian Anderson, wannabe Mike Waraby.
She was going for a universal flu vaccine just like Mike Waraby.
She was them.
And so all of these people just kind of ignored this whistleblower, all of these intrepid reporters like Goodman and Cullen and Webb, and they all didn't find it.
I didn't find it.
I'm not saying I found it, but what I'm suggesting to you is, is now that Mark's found it, it should have already spread like wildfire through all of these people's feeds.
It should have spread like wildfire through all of these people's retooling of holy crap.
Even somebody like Bobby Kennedy, who has written a book like this with my help, needs to kind of revamp his understanding of what's going on here.
Wouldn't it have been a great thing to have in this book that Lee Min Yan was actually on Tony Fauci's team the whole time?
What an interesting little thing to have in this book to update this book with.
And yet every one of these people is still facing forward in the ride.
Goodness sakes, we wouldn't want to think back to how the ride started now, would we?
Because if we did that, this illusion of consensus might suddenly break.
You know, this illusion of consensus that gets created when you go on the internet and try to solve the mystery of the novel virus.
That's what's happening when you go on Twitter or when you go on Facebook.
It doesn't matter if you happen to really like Bobby Kennedy and therefore you kind of trust Sasha and you kind of trust Merrill and you stumbled upon Andrew Kaufman because CHD promoted him early in the pandemic and you really like Brett Weinstein and you were particularly persuaded by the book of Alina Chan, then your little video game is a little different than mine.
Because I'm not persuaded by Bobby anymore.
And I know that Brett Weinstein is a traitor to our children.
And I know that Alina Chan is a liar because I tried to interact with her in May of 2020.
But I was bamboozled more by other people, including Kevin McKernan, for example.
But it doesn't matter as long as you engage, as long as you get in the chair.
And you put on the goggles and you say, here I go.
I'm going into Twitter.
I'm going to figure this out right now.
I'm going to fight these bad guys.
And I'm going to send the tweets that are going to push back the empire.
And as long as you're engaging with these people, as long as you're engaging in their little arguments, asking their little questions, you're done.
You are not getting anywhere.
That's exactly how these weaponized piles of money have used social media to convince us to argue about and with whom to argue.
That's exactly why participating in the argument accepts their narrative.
As soon as you get in the chair, you've accepted that you're going to play Star Wars.
And we are governed by this theater so long as we keep logging in.
It's so long as we keep going to YouTube and looking for clips from the CEO
or clips from Rogan, or clips from Walsh, or clips from Cedar, or clips from Tim Pool, it doesn't matter.
They're all the same.
It's all this social media weaponized against you.
And you think those are just people.
No, they are part of the weaponization of social media.
Actors on that stage, actors on that stage.
And we've been calling it for a while now, a Lollapalooza of liars.
And it doesn't matter what stage you go to because they all go backstage.
And then when they show up on different stages mixed together, like in Geneva and start rapping or on a cruise ship off the coast of Turkey, it doesn't matter because they're all backstage together.
And when they come out on the stage to do a show, it doesn't matter which audience they go out to because they're all together.
It's all one big happy show, and that's what is very disturbing about this.
It is very, very deep.
It is almost no one that you can trust, because they all seem to be sticking to a limited spectrum of debate.
I mean, if you want to be critical, even somebody like Michael Yeadon sticks to a very strictly limited debate.
And he was all about no virus just a couple years ago and then briefly came back and now he's all about toxins with our friend Sasha, the mom of Soph.
And so it's hard, you know, it's really hard.
It's possible that Mike is just being played by all these people.
But if Mike is paying attention to this show, he knows how many of these, and he knows that Sasha is definitely compromised.
And somehow or another, apparently it's okay for him to do that.
Is that his substack?
Is that his telegram or is it hers?
We have to think about all of these things, but we are in dire straits because that's what this is.
This is them doing this.
I don't know, that wasn't gonna go.
It should go though, let me see.
that that was what this is right that's this whole thing here with her that's it's all a simulation if you're watching alex jones as a way of i don't know why that's not playing i want to see if i can get that to play
If you're just watching Alex Jones with the idea of trying to figure out how to make this happen or how to make this work or how to get out of the trap, you are in the trap and you're not getting out, you see?
That's what I'm trying to suggest to you.
And if you look back before the pandemic, you'll see that this started already before the pandemic with Brett Weinstein and Sam Harris and Eric Weinstein and all of these podcasts that were put in place in 2017, 18 and 19, were all in preparation for taking over the narrative and controlling it, all the different tracks
of the Scooby-Doo, these people were put in place on purpose.
That's why it is the eighth podcast of Brett Weinstein where Sam Harris says that we can't tolerate anti-vaxxers and the next pandemic.
That's why it is only a few months before the pandemic that Soap is promoted by Alex Jones.
And it's only like a half a year after the pandemic started that we're supposed to believe that the truth is coming out on Twitter.
And part of it is because
Elon Musk has bought it and made it free.
Stop lying!
And that's where the illusion is.
So I have to start like that all the time because if somebody hasn't been here for a while or isn't coming regularly or is here for the first time, I want them to really see the illusion from that 30,000 foot perspective.
But now I have a specific idea in mind today.
I really want to go back to 2020 and take a look at
another video from the PBS NewsHour.
And why do I want to do that?
Because very specifically, I think it's important for us to go back to 2020 and dissect the questions that we were asked to answer.
Because I think the Scooby-Doo thing, when I say that there's a Scooby-Doo, when I say that there was a Scooby-Doo, it does kind of feel as though
The main focus should be on the question of whether it was a natural virus or a lab leak.
But that question actually came very, very much later in 2020.
And it needed, it needed to come much later, even though in 2020, I was riding my bicycle
and had already done three videos where I suggested that a lab leak is not crazy in February of 2020.
But that's not where the real controlled narrative was.
And it couldn't be because if it was there, then we would have already been months and months and months ahead of this slow progression to where we are now,
which is that we rushed it.
Transfection worked, but it was imperfect.
It saved a lot of old people.
It gave some old people a lot.
It also hurt some of them.
And so we've got a lot of things to consider, a lot of questions to ask.
It's gonna take a lot of retrospective investigation.
In the meantime, the roller coaster is still going forward.
That's where we are now.
And the only way that we can bring college age kids to understand what was done to them,
how it was done in 2020, is to make a list of the questions that they bamboozled us into asking.
And I think the way to do that is to go back to the beginning and listen to what PBS NewsHour says happened.
Now, what I find especially curious about the PBS NewsHour is that they are making this show called Frontline.
And Frontline is a kind of documentary series with a really nice voice.
And I just really like the idea that these people, they kind of make summary documentaries to kind of clean up the narrative.
You know, a summary of what happened over the last few months.
And of course, Frontline usually does a whole variety of topics and things like that.
But for the coronavirus pandemic, they were pretty much doing something every month.
And so this is the second one.
The first one that we watched,
was actually one where the guy from PBS NewsHour went to Seattle.
And so basically, then they were just talking about the pandemic and the virus.
And they weren't necessarily talking very much about the biology of the virus, more trying to go back in the past and establish
that the biology of a pandemic is real and that people warned us about it.
That's what the first one was about.
And so, you know, you're talking to people who did the, who experienced the first one.
You're trying to get people to understand whatever happened on the first one is being kind of recapitulated in this next one.
This next video, which comes a few months later, is titled the virus and what went wrong.
And this is in August.
And so,
It's a really curious video because again in between here there are two more Frontline documentaries that are specifically about a family and then it's specifically about Bergamo and Italy and then also something else which we can go over later.
But I just want to again use these longer documentaries that Frontline made about every two months to try and orchestrate a list of questions.
What were they trying to get us to think about?
And if we see that there were 10 questions before LabLeak, or there were 40 questions before LabLeak, or that's what I want to get at.
How many of them were there and who was participating in them?
Can we remember who was encouraging us to ask these questions?
Because Brett Weinstein, for example, is one of these people who would have been asking,
All of the PBS NewsHour questions in 2020 and most of 2021, all of those questions were relevant to him from bushmeat to masks, to goggles, to aerosol or not, this kind of thing.
So it's a really good idea, I think, for us to go back in time and to take a look at what questions were asked.
And so that's what we're gonna do.
America is reopening.
Protests over the death of George Floyd
People are taking to the streets.
Amid fears of a second wave, correspondent Martin Smith looks at how we got here.
Okay, so fears of a second wave.
Let's get, let me see if I can do this.
And I want to go like that, and then I can go like this.
Yes.
So the first thing is to remember that first it was, you know, they had to tell us it was a zoonosis.
That was what the first documentary is about.
It was about zoonosis, about pandemic potential.
And remember, this nib is a little bent.
You're going to hear some scraping sometime.
I can't fix it.
Or I'm trying to fix it, but it's still a little bit sharp.
Pandemic potential.
And so this was right.
This was Dayzak.
And this is Wolf.
And it's Fauci.
Everybody told this story.
So they even got Barak in here, right?
They have all those people in there.
And so that was the first documentary.
This was the first PBS documentary.
And so now here, we're talking about a second wave.
So will there be a second wave is already a question.
And let me go back just a little bit to see what they said there.
America is reopening.
People are taking to the streets.
Amid fears of a second wave, correspondent Martin Smith looks at how we got here.
Did you say to him, look, Mr. President, with all due respect, it's not true what you're saying.
Yeah, I'm not going to comment on the conversations I've had with the president.
I mean, listen to the music.
The missteps.
Throughout much of January and February saying that this is a hoax.
Every lab is fighting for itself.
Every state is fighting for itself.
Now on front line, the virus.
There will be thousands who will die needlessly because of our lack of preparedness.
December 31st.
One million people crowded into New York's Times Square to celebrate what they hoped would be a bright new year.
What no one knew at the time was that a highly infectious virus was rapidly moving toward them.
I think at this stage is the second or third of January that Robert Malone gets a phone call from Michael Callahan telling him that there's something coming.
So some people knew a couple days after the New Year's celebration.
Scientists say a new virus related to SARS may be responsible for a mysterious pneumonia outbreak in China.
I had begun reporting on the coronavirus several months ago.
We watched that video.
This guy and another dude.
I had just returned from the Middle East where I was covering events in Iraq and Iran.
Out of caution, I decided to quarantine in the Catskill Mountains two hours north of New York City.
I would do my reporting from here.
So he was in the Middle East in Iran, which is, I think, a place that got hit hard, according to the narrative.
I wanted to understand where we were headed.
Were we prepared?
Were warnings being heeded?
Among my first calls was to Dr. David Ho.
Dr. Ho.
A renowned American medical researcher who I met years back when I was reporting on the AIDS epidemic.
Uh-huh, AIDS epidemic reporter.
I'm just putting up a good front.
Dr. Ho had worked to stem the spread of SARS in 2003.
Now he was worried about the spread of COVID-19.
Do you think people are grasping how serious the situation is?
I think people hear the news, they watch the coverage, but it's hard to fully comprehend.
certainly we did not realize that our government would be so ill-prepared.
We knew long ago what China was experiencing.
I think it was the false assumption that that's somebody else's problem.
It would not happen to us.
But that's the same kind of attitude that people had about many other epidemics in the past.
We knew if this thing blew up,
it would just continue to spread.
Wuhan, a major commercial hub in central China.
The first case was identified here on November 17th.
No one knew what it was, but just a few weeks later, it was clear something was wrong.
Amy Chen reported from China for The New York Times.
In December, there were starting to be these patients that were trickling into these hospitals in Wuhan with this pneumonia that doctors were really puzzled by.
It was unclear how to treat them.
They were giving them medicine, and they weren't getting better.
And they were still running these very high temperatures.
And the rumor was that this is a virus that people need to be aware of.
Throughout December, more and more people continued to come into Wuhan hospitals with high fevers and coughs.
Then on December... What I will argue right now is that if this many people, it was really infected in Wuhan by a naturally occurring RNA virus, then the RNA viral signal would not have been as high fidelity as they reported to us, where everybody who sequenced had the same sequence.
that is never in the history of RNA virology ever been documented.
The best case scenario is a paper by Mark Ronst in, I believe, 2007 or 2008, where a new coronavirus is identified in hospitals in the Netherlands, and they are able to track it successfully for 27 children.
And then it's gone.
And so if the claim is that a single RNA sequence and its progeny are responsible for all of these pneumonia cases, then the only way that could be possible is through the creation and deployment of a synthetic sequence.
Whether that sequence is responsible for these people getting sick is another question.
But the only way that a high fidelity RNA signal of 30,000 bases could be found in disparate places around the world, in disparate people, in the exact same time frame,
The only way that could happen if the same sequence was found in Iran and found in Wuhan and found anywhere else, the only way that could happen is if it was first produced synthetically and then distributed to those places.
How?
I don't know.
It's obviously a crime.
So I don't know how the crime was done.
But molecular biology tells us that an RNA cannot do it by itself.
You can't blame the RNA.
You have to add something else because if you spill paint in your backyard, you're not gonna find that paint in six different countries around the world just because people got on planes because that's not how paint works.
There's not gonna be suddenly a house and a car and three people covered in this paint because you spilled it in your backyard.
And very similarly, it doesn't matter
You can't spill RNA and then have it go around the world and paint everybody's house.
Your lungs have the surface area of a tennis court or so.
So it is, it is kind of like painting houses.
The RNA went from being nowhere to being in a lot of tennis courts.
And so you gotta explain how it is that an RNA molecule could be in all of these tennis courts and all of the tennis courts in Bergamo and all of the tennis courts in Iran.
It doesn't work.
30th, a 34 year old ophthalmologist at Wuhan Central Hospital, Dr. Li Wenliang logged onto a group chat with some fellow medical school classmates.
He was worried.
Have you seen the record of what was said, what he was saying?
Yes.
It really wasn't that outrageous statement he made or anything, just simply said that I heard in our hospital there are cases of SARS-like symptoms.
Liu Baifeng Xiao and her husband Orville are longtime China experts.
And that was enough to bring the authorities down on him?
Yes.
Public Security Bureau came and made him sign a confession and made him agree to be quiet.
And that's a very threatening thing because the Public Security Bureau is no joke.
It's a secret police force and people are fearful of it.
In China, there's an entire system of online surveillance in which they can monitor what's happening.
And I think in this case, they would have been able to use certain keywords to track what people were saying.
And actually local authorities, the police have broad powers to look into the personal messages of its citizens.
Local Wuhan authorities issued a formal directive ordering other doctors not to discuss the mysterious pneumonia.
And so they're trying to set up a narrative where the Chinese government has
totalitarian control over the social media.
And so they prevented the word from getting out.
Maybe even China prevented America from acting in the way that we should have, had they warned us sufficiently.
And so these are the questions.
Was China honest with us?
Did China know earlier than they told the world?
Were there whistleblowers that got covered up in China?
And who's asking these questions?
Well, of course, it's people that worked on the previous SARS.
It's reporters that worked on the HIV outbreak.
Are they arguing that if we had control over social media, we might be better off?
Are they hinting at that right now?
Despite the silencing of dissent, Chinese scientists were working to map the genome of the virus.
COVID-19 was very quickly sequenced and very quickly people discerned that was about 80% related to the SARS coronavirus.
But given the speed of the subsequent spread, it should have been apparent to all.
that there must have been human-to-human transmission.
It surprises me to see that as of January 12th, the World Health Organization issued a statement saying there is no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission.
They certainly said that, but, you know, they weren't on the ground.
They were probably recounting what was reported back to them by the China CDC.
Shouldn't they have known?
Well, they should have been asking tough questions.
This was obviously
So what is the debate here?
Is there a human to human transmission seems to suggest that there might be a reservoir in nature or a reservoir at a market.
And so if people go through the reservoir, they could get infected, but they're not sharing it with each other yet.
And there's still a chance that before the window of sharing it human to human happens, that we can lock down and prevent a pandemic.
Do you see it?
Do you see the little juggling we're doing here?
Because this is what Brett Weinstein is going to argue for the next year and a half, that zero COVID is something that we should still go for.
Even if that means forced drugging people with silicoxib and ivermectin for 60 days, zero COVID is reachable if we really wanted to get there.
And we could have gotten there earlier if we would have shut down, if China would have been honest about when human to human transmission started
because they're telling you a narrative about during zoonosis, it's not automatically human to human.
Zoonosis can be where the virus jumps to a human that it was exposed to the animal, but then because it doesn't acquire the necessary fear and cleavage sites or HIV inserts to transmit human to human, it might just stay in that person.
They are creating a gray area here, an imaginary sort of list of questions about the biology and how does the biology of these foreign inability, unable to infect us viruses, how do they gain the ability to infect us?
And what specific steps do we go through as we move from being a bat virus to being a pandemic virus?
That's exactly what these two people are agreeing, and many more, are the most important questions to have asked back then, and the questions that the Chinese government were covering up.
And this is all the hamster wheels of the on-ramp to the Scooby-Doo, which will eventually be, wow, I guess we have to consider whether this was a lab leak or natural.
Epidemic that was being spread by humans.
So it might be bushmeat or it might be humans.
It could be mostly bushmeat and only some humans.
We might be, you see the whole idea here is that there is this transition period that we can understand that people like Peter Daszak and Nathan Wolf really need to be at the forefront of understanding where that transition period is.
Because according to Peter Daszak, there are 1.7 million viruses that are waiting to go through that transition.
But with Lunar New Year around the corner, no one wanted to spoil the festivities.
Oh, and so they didn't want to spoil Lunar New Year.
So they let people come and go home after Lunar New Year because that would have been a disaster if they wouldn't have let that happen.
And so they didn't want to exaggerate.
They didn't want to, you know, go overboard.
They didn't want to ruin the economy over there.
So they just went through it.
And then after the Lunar New Year, they started telling everybody.
Stop lying!
There you go.
Perfect story.
No evidence of human-to-human transmission, said the Chinese.
Wow, those liars.
We were played like a fiddle.
Your parents and my parents and my aunts and uncles and my brother, they were all played like a fiddle.
Now, I was still being played by a fiddle by the people on the other side of this, right?
Chasing around all of these people trying to figure out what natural immunity was all about.
Because at this time, of course, the people that were at the cutting edge of the dissident movement were annoyed because people were talking about there might not be any immunity to this virus.
In August, somebody like Li Min Yan was actually on Fox News and other TV programs as Mark
Kulak on Housatonic ITS has shown us, and she was arguing just like Rochelle Walensky and Demi Sridhar and all of these people that argued it in the Lancet, that we don't even know if we can make natural immunity to this novel virus.
Now, what is interesting about that is that that whole idea, we can't make natural immunity to a coronavirus, why would that be?
is part of the on-ramp to the Scooby-Doo, because a real, real deep thinker will say, well, yeah, but if we can make natural immunity to all other coronaviruses, why are they worried that we might not be able to make natural immunity to this one?
Maybe they know something that we don't.
And of course, that's also what Lee Min Yan doesn't even imply.
She just says, this is an unrestricted bioweapon, is what she said most often on Twitter with her 100 different accounts.
Twitter, hundreds of Li Min Yan accounts.
Chinese New Year every year is a really festive time.
This is the time when everyone gets together with their families and in their neighborhoods.
And in one neighborhood in Wuhan called Baiguting, they had organized this large banquet at which 40,000 families ended up attending.
If you have a big celebration, you don't want to have bad news.
That looks nice.
Wow.
If you bring up bad news during that time period, it is said that you'll be cursed with bad happenings for the rest of the year.
Are you telling me that the pandemic happened because of Chinese superstitions?
Come on.
Making matters worse, millions of people left Wuhan in this period to visit friends and family across the country and beyond.
We all have face masks, but we're not wearing them.
It was not until January 20th that the Chinese health ministry declared what was already obvious.
Wow.
And so that's already three weeks.
I mean, we should check the timeline again, but I'm pretty sure it was like the second or third of January that Robert Malone got the phone call.
So he's already been working for several weeks for DITRA on the domain program and already long on his way to identifying ivermectin, famotidine, uh, silicoxib and, and, and, and,
And so what did I say?
I said, ivermectin, silicoxib, famotidine, and remdesivir as potential antivirals in his volunteer team.
So that's kind of cool.
The virus was spreading from human to human.
Zardoz, that's why we're doing this work.
We're writing the timeline right now, and we need to do it right.
So it's going to take a while.
We got a lot of work to do.
Some ominous developments out of China.
Officials there have just confirmed the first human-to-human transmission of coronavirus.
It's a huge story.
So how long have we been watching already and debating about whether human to human transmission is happening and whether or not they should have said it, when they said it, when they had the first... Do you see?
This is part of the hamster wheel.
We have had the truth slowly titrated to us.
And I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, that eventually all of the truth will come out, including the fact that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal.
It will just come out when they're ready so that they can use it as part of the controlled demolition of America.
If we want to take our country back, we've got to get young people and young parents to jump the shark and get to that conclusion before they want them to.
We got to get them to get there right now.
That's how we win.
Because once the young people understand that public health in America is an illusion that was created by the special cancer virus program and the Human Genome Project and billions of dollars of misappropriated funding of academic research,
then we can start to move forward as a country that has a shared common vision of where we want to go.
And it ain't here.
The WHO did not announce the prospect of human-to-human transmission almost two months after this thing began.
And it was two weeks after Taiwan had warned them that there was a human-to-human transmission.
Wuhan, China, ground zero for the outbreak, now under lockdown.
By January 23rd, Wuhan was placed on lockdown.
All trains and planes out of that city halted just tonight.
Eerie for a city 11 million people call home.
It was then that people around the world began to take notice.
I think it was in February of 2020 that, so it would be right after this, that George Webb was on 60 Minutes talking about the Wuhan military games.
I perfectly remember the moment in which we start fearing this issue.
And it was when we have seen all those caterpillars building a new hospital in just less than 10 days.
Dr. Stefano Fagioli heads the Department of Medicine at a hospital in Bergamo, Italy.
It's in a place far away from us, so it was all TV show.
But then I remember I was having a meeting with some colleagues, and I said, look, but if they are building a whole hospital, there must be something beyond
our perception.
Exactly.
And that was the whole idea, right?
It wouldn't be until months later that we would see that that hospital wasn't really used, and that it was leaky, and that just like the comfort ship that was brought to New York, just like a lot of these tents that were set up in front of hospitals all around the world, it didn't really happen.
And so Bergamo, Italy is an interesting case that has been analyzed by some people that I consider meddlers, but they did it in a way that makes the argument that what happened in Bergamo wasn't the landing of a particularly transmissible risk additive pathogen.
Now, they also looked at previous vaccinations there in Bergamo and the two years before that, how a lot of old people in Bergamo were given
pneumonia vaccines, and so there's a lot of things that were in play in Bergamo besides a coronavirus spreading around.
And so Bergamo is one of these places that was used
as a site for the theater, just like New York City was used as the site for a theater.
I think we're going to come to the conclusion that no virus is not going to cover it.
And I think we're going to come to the conclusion that a gain-of-function virus is not going to cover this elaborate military operation in which we are still trapped.
I think we need to be prepared.
Two new coronavirus cases have been confirmed here in Singapore.
In fact, by early February, cases began showing up in other countries, including the U.S.
The deadly coronavirus officially hitting the U.S.
A ninth person has tested positive for coronavirus.
This is now the third case in Ontario, fourth case in Canada.
And it really shows just how fluid the situation is.
Meanwhile, Dr. Li Wenliang, the Wuhan doctor who had warned of the deadly virus at the end of December, had been hospitalized, a little over a week after he was ordered to stay quiet.
Wow, is the Asia Society really a Jamie Metzel executive vice president?
Wow, Pamela.
Jamie Metzel was the guy that Tucker Carlson said was the guy who started drastic, which was a stop.
Complete lie.
The guy who started drastic was Billy Bo Stixson, which is still somebody that we don't know, but it's possible that Billy Bo Stixson is Jamie Metzl, and then that would make Tucker Carlson and Vanity Fair both correct on the fact that Jamie Metzl started drastic, which would then also make Jamie Metzl part of the Twitter illusion.
A liar.
He was on a ventilator, struggling to breathe.
By February 7th, he was dead.
His death was really a shock.
And at that time, that was the lowest point in China's battle with the epidemic.
And his death really put a human face on the cost of it.
When news of Dr. Li's death surfaced, Chinese social media exploded in outrage.
He told people the truth.
at the end of December.
It got the attention of Dr. Zhong Nanshan, an 83-year-old highly respected pulmonologist, a top advisor to the government.
He now dared to defy the party.
I think the majority of the people think he's the hero of China.
That seemed unusual to me, to hear somebody that is an authority like that to criticize the government.
Well, Dr. Zhong Nanshan, I mean, the reason why he has so much credibility with the public is because he's willing to push back against the government, criticize the government when it's necessary.
I think he was speaking, just saying what most people in China feel.
This is Chinese doctor.
I suppose majority of Chinese doctor
actually like him.
In Wuhan and some other cities, they held a short mourning memory.
Everyone would go out onto their balconies and turn the lights off and hold their cell phones up.
It was really incredible to see.
I remember all these videos, people screaming out their windows and stuff.
The thing is, they're telling a story that's wrong there, right?
Because it wasn't people sticking their cell phones out their window to mourn the loss of that doctor.
What we were told in the beginning of the pandemic when we saw those videos was that those people were trapped in their buildings because they had been welded in.
And this is PBS news hour several months later, retelling that story has somebody earlier in the chat said they're actually erasing history and rewriting it.
There weren't people with their cell phones out of their window there.
Those videos were told to us that those were people screaming for help because they had been locked in their giant buildings with, while being able to leave.
That's what we were told.
We were told that Wuhan was locked down so hard that they bulldozed giant piles of dirt in front of the roads to block them.
And PBS NewsHour is not telling us that.
PBS NewsHour just told us that those people were holding their phones out of their window in solidarity for those.
That is a awful, awful.
Stop lying.
Wow.
Wow, that was awful.
Holy shit.
A month earlier, the Trumps greeted the New Year in Florida.
They hosted a big party at their Mar-a-Lago mansion.
So now they're gonna paint Trump as being not smart enough, not on top of it.
Don't forget that he was being impeached at the time.
...members of President Trump's private club.
Our country has never done better than it's doing right now.
We have the best unemployment numbers.
We have the best employment numbers.
Almost 160 million people are working.
Our country is really the top of the world.
Everybody's talking about it.
Thank you.
But that weekend, the director of the Centers for Disease Control, Dr. Robert Redfield, received a phone call from the American CDC office in China.
I was actually on a vacation with my children, their spouses, and my 11 grandchildren up in Deep Creek, Maryland.
And I did get notified from our CDC China office on New Year's Eve that there was a cluster of cases of unspecified pneumonia in Wuhan, China that seemed to be linked to a seafood market.
The call was one of several.
Seemed to be linked to a seafood market.
What an interesting thing to drop in.
...that interrupted his vacation.
On January 3rd, Redfield called his Chinese counterpart, Dr. George Gao.
It got to the point that Redfield's counterpart even breaks down crying during one of the conversations that he has with him.
Michael Scheer is a White House correspondent for The New York Times.
which underscores for Redfield the seriousness of what the Chinese believe at that point that they're dealing with.
Chai Gao supposedly cried.
That's pretty funny.
That guy was at the Event 201.
Not the real Event 201 that you can see at realevent201.com, but I mean like Event 201, the one that Bill Gates wrote.
The memory of those previous viral infections, SARS and another one called MERS,
that they really ravaged that part of the world.
So I think what you can probably draw from it is a bit of the anxiety on the part of the doctor sitting there in China thinking to himself, Jesus.
They didn't ravage that part of the world.
MERS barely infected anyone.
SARS infected less than 10,000 people and only killed 700.
Not that those people aren't important, but ravaged?
Ravaged?
There were 10,000 cases on earth.
Some of them were in Canada.
I don't understand what he's saying here other than rewriting a narrative about what MERS and SARS did.
Those previous viral infections, SARS and another one called MERS, they really ravaged that part of the world.
So I think what you can probably draw from it is a bit of the anxiety on the part of the doctor sitting there in China thinking to himself, geez, what if this is as bad as SARS?
What if it's worse?
As bad as SARS wouldn't be that bad.
I mean, what is this?
This is absurd.
Of course, they're making the argument that SARS was more deadly.
And so, you know, now we have to decide, is this one really deadly or not deadly?
Is there asymptomatic spread?
Here it comes.
Shearer stands by.
And don't forget that MERS, MERS, there's so many papers about MERS where actually the relations to Li Min Yan are featured.
Her husband, her supervisors, even her, I mean, it's absurd.
His reporting, but Redfield told me that Gao was not very alarmed.
He felt pretty confident that there was no evidence of human-to-human transmission, and that really was the extent of it.
So he wasn't very concerned.
If there was no human-to-human transmission confirmed, then he wasn't very concerned at that point?
Back in January 3rd time frame, 3rd through 6th time frame, there was not a sense of urgency from him.
But Redfield was concerned and called his boss, Alex Azar, Secretary of Health and Human Services.
Secretary Azar is the guy who can declare an emergency under the PREP Act.
And remember that there needs to be no rational basis for his declaration of the emergency.
It can be on a whim.
It can because he's scared.
It can because of a decision made, much like whether or not a groundhog sees its shadow, and he can declare an emergency.
There's like a thing in law and whatever called a rational basis test, I think, and it doesn't have to pass that.
You don't have to have a rational basis for declaring an emergency as Health and Human Services Secretary, and there is no
check or balance on resetting that emergency, except for, I guess, the president firing that guy.
Now, we need to investigate this further.
It would be good to see what Catherine Watts said about that.
But that guy has ultimate power with regard to health emergencies.
He also notified the National Security Council at the White House.
The president had already begun receiving daily briefings from the U.S.
And we just had Redfield repeat again that the issue was when did human to human transmission start versus when did the Chinese tell us?
So that is a very important question in this episode.
Intelligence community.
Some contained warnings of a serious contagion with dire economic and social consequences.
They call it the PDB, the President's Daily Briefing.
It's nice that they show the CIA there because of course that means Michael Callahan.
Michael Callahan being the guy who called Robert Malone on the 2nd or 3rd of January to get his team spun up.
And Robert Malone spun up a team of mostly volunteers and used a combination of
computer simulation of x-ray crystallography models of two different enzymes and then screened all known drugs and pharmaceuticals in the FDA catalog to see whether they could usefully interact with that three-dimensional model and he identified four drugs within three weeks that he then proceeded to get into clinical trials and to push for repurposed drugs because that's what him and DITRA and DOD and his buddy David Hone do.
But he got a call from the CIA.
That's the reason why he decided to spin his team up.
Otherwise, he was focused exclusively on Emus and his horses and the stuff that's going on at the foot of the Shenandoah Mountains.
And the virus begins to pop up in those just as sort of, hey, this could be something and we should keep an eye on it.
You say it's in his brief.
We know that he doesn't always read his brief.
So what do we know about when did the president know?
That's a good question about whether or not he might have actually read it.
He's never been clear any of the times that he's been asked.
And I think our reporting suggests that, as you say, it's not clear at all that he reads the briefing.
And the president now says he was distracted.
I mean, I got impeached, I think.
So the question now is, when did the president know?
Did the CIA try to tell the president, but the president's not reading his daily briefs?
He actually said the words, we know that he doesn't always read his briefs.
Stop lying!
That is an extraordinary statement to make, an extraordinary narrative to tell.
You know, I certainly devoted a little time to thinking about it, right?
and busy securing a big trade deal with China.
A rare moment of collaboration after more than two years of acrimonious talks.
During this period, Azar was trying to alert the president but couldn't get a meeting.
Oh boy.
Instead, over two weeks passed before he got a call back from Mar-a-Lago on a Saturday.
Oh, here we go.
And the president wanted to discuss something else.
The president was not reached by Secretary Azar until January 18th.
Wow.
The president's first concern at that time was to talk about e-cigarettes.
Stephen Morrison is a health policy expert who has long warned that America was unprepared for a pandemic like this one.
Did you hear that?
He wanted to talk about e-cigarettes.
And Secretary Abzar was having a hard time conveying the gravity of the situation to the president.
This is 18 days after the Chinese government has recognized that they are seeing deaths from this, and it takes 18 days for Azar to get to the president.
Correct.
Was that the president's first true briefing on this?
As far as I know, it was the first serious high-level discussion.
But it is unclear how much Azar pressed the president.
He declined to be interviewed.
According to Michael Scheer, Azar actually reassured the president that he didn't need to worry.
What Azar wanted to communicate to the president was, we got this.
We're not taking this lightly.
CDC is on it.
FDA is on it.
We're monitoring it closely, but also not.
At the same time, of course, Kevin McKernan was already on a podcast saying that the FDA needed to get out of the way, that the FDA and its 10 pages of EUA paperwork was going to delay our response to the pandemic and was part of the problem.
Kevin McKernan, the guy who cut his teeth in the Human Genome Project and decided to start screening marijuana with PCR for COVID so that he would be ahead of the ball in case old people started to die.
You know, because so many people are saving Medicare a ton of money by using weed.
And so if the COVID is in the weed, I got to know before people start smoking it.
And he was also on podcasts telling people that the FDA was gonna be in the way.
At the same time that Donald Trump is being, you know, led by the nose into this crisis.
We all have to panic and shut the country down.
I mean, at this point, it's really everybody is in the mode of, you know, we gotta keep an eye on this.
Are there words about a pandemic at this point?
No, not at all.
And we have it under control.
It's gonna be just fine.
As late as January 26th, Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease official, downplayed the dangers.
The American people should not be worried or frightened by this.
It's a very, very low risk to the United States because we have ways of preparing, of screening, of people coming in.
But it's something that we as public health officials need to take very seriously.
A prominent biostatistician, Nicholas Jewell, had been tracking the virus for over a month.
There was still a remarkable lack of urgency in the Western world that this was actually almost inevitably going to reach their shores and that it was going to be potentially catastrophic unless we took major steps.
So there's no question in my mind that we lost the time that we had gained from the early warning coming out of
Oh, that's a different message.
Now we're getting a message that we did get early warning, that people knew, but we blew it.
We wasted that time.
Was it Trump's fault?
Or was it Fauci's fault?
Or was it Redfield's fault?
Whose fault was it that we wasted that crucial time when we could have just put down the hammer of lockdown and stopped this forever?
We could have just distributed ivermectin and silicoxib to everybody for 30 days and got to zero COVID right away.
We could have done something.
On January 29th, White House economic advisor Peter Navarro sent the president a lengthy memo warning that there was a risk of massive loss of life.
He urged flights from China to be halted.
the next day.
Peter Navarro, the guy that Lee Minyan credits with helping her to defect and bring the message of the unrestricted bioweapon to America.
Peter Navarro listed in the same breath as Steve Bannon and Rudy Giuliani when she is saying thank you, and then followed by the Morgan family.
Secretary Azar had a second call with the president.
This time, he was more concerned.
He warned the president that the coronavirus might become a serious pandemic.
The virus has been spread rapidly over the last month.
The president responded by restricting some flights from China, but not all.
And millions of people had already left Wuhan anyway.
And many of those people were flying out to the rest of the world.
Yes.
In fact, there are direct flights from Wuhan to many cities in the U.S.
And that was happening throughout the month of January until the lockdown.
So those are extremely important weeks.
Yes.
In fact, in the month before President Trump's decision to restrict flights, an estimated 380,000 people entered the U.S.
from China.
Even afterwards, if you were an American, you were exempted.
And flights from Europe were not restricted for another six weeks.
Furthermore, asymptomatic carriers were not detected.
One of the things that they didn't know at the time was even if a person isn't symptomatic, doesn't have a fever, maybe that person is still spreading the virus all over the place because they have it and they're just not showing symptoms yet.
The virus can spread undetected.
Then another assumption, the virus can spread undetected.
Restricting flights proved to be a half measure.
Didn't do enough, just like Paul Cottrell said.
Viruses knew that we're going to be hit in waves here in the US.
Waves.
We have lost six weeks sitting on the sideline watching China struggle and watching other countries struggle, thinking that if we shut our borders, we'll be fine.
Jeremy Konyndyk, a specialist in global health issues, remembers meeting with some Trump administration officials around this time.
In February, you sat down with some administration officials, correct?
So it was an off-the-record dinner, so I can't say too much specifically about it.
But it was very clear that most of the bandwidth of the administration was focused on enforcing the travel restrictions on China, tracking people who had come back from there, quarantining people.
That was the ball that they had their eye on at that time.
What's wrong with that?
Well, I was quite gobsmacked by that, because to my mind, the biggest priority at that point
was not preventing it from coming here, because it was inevitable that it would come here.
You know, it's fine to try and keep it out, but you have to do so with the expectation that, at best, you are buying time.
The problem was that the administration was failing to understand the basic math behind a pandemic.
If I tell you there's 30 cases in the United States, that's not going to scare you.
that's not going to cause you to shut down your cities.
If I tell you there's 60 cases in the United States, you still feel very comfortable.
120, 240, and so on.
You don't feel the power of exponential growth until it's absolutely.
There you go.
Now that's it right there because people don't understand math, they don't understand graphs, and they're just throwing in the idea that this virus is gonna go exponential.
I mean pattern integrities like insects and rabbits don't go exponential.
And if they do, they go exponential for a very short time.
So the idea that they are, they are telling us that at any moment it could go exponential.
The only reason why it hasn't gone exponential is because we're lucky.
And that's why there could be a second wave this winter, which is previewing the winter of 2020 still.
This is August of 2020.
So we're not in the winter yet.
They're trying to get everybody to accept the fact that another wave could come.
They're trying to get everyone to accept the fact that the only reason why we're still alive is because we got lucky.
and that there's asymptomatic spread, it could already be in the exponential part of the curve.
We are in big trouble if we don't realize that we don't understand the math of exponentials.
Just assuming, I guess, that a RNA with a furin cleavage site and some HIV inserts can definitely go exponential.
Stunning.
So when you say, oh, if there are 10,000 cases in the United States, then we ought to pay attention.
The trouble is, in two or three days now, it's 20,000.
Within another two or three days, it's 16 times.
So it takes a long time to ramp up exponential growth.
But once it gets your attention, it's stunning at its speed.
Can't.
RNA can't do that.
I'm sorry, but RNA can't do that.
In New York City, an infectious disease specialist with New York Presbyterian Hospital started to see cases he suspected of being COVID-19 by mid-February.
We started to hear that there were a lot of viral illnesses that we were not able to identify.
Look who it is!
PBS NewsHour promoting the Twiv star Griffin, who's on once a week with Vincent Racaniello.
Amazing.
Actually, PBS NewsHour and Frontline promoted him.
Wow.
From a lot of the community doctors in our area that maybe we were seeing early spread here.
During this time, the president is saying everything's under control.
People that want to get a test.
I do think that that's a very, very important point to make, that we don't even know what spread in Wuhan.
It could have also been bad ideas.
It could have been bad treatments.
It could have been a legitimate bacterial pneumonia that people were getting.
It could have been the deployment of a toxin.
Lots of things, right?
It doesn't have to be a clone.
It didn't have to be synthetic DNA or RNA in these people.
And if they were all sick, there's probably an explanation for it.
But I don't think it's an RNA molecule that can be traced all the way back from then to now.
No way in hell.
You get a test that this is going to disappear when the weather warms up.
How did you take that in at the time?
You know, it was tough because, you know, as clinicians, when you get the sense something is going on, you're waiting for the ability to confirm that.
But most of the response was, you know what?
Until we see a large number of cases, we don't want to over-respond.
We don't want to be the boy who cried wolf.
In fact, there were people who thought you were a little bit out there.
They said, what's wrong with Dr. Griffin?
Well, that was actually when I reached out to one of the other infectious disease physicians in the area.
And I said, hey, we really should start communicating and preparing.
And yeah, his response to one of my partners was, what's wrong with Dr. Griffin?
Why is he, like, getting so worked up about this?
Dr. Griffin was not alone.
Many doctors and scientists were increasingly concerned that America was not prepared.
Among the first countries outside China to face the coronavirus was South Korea.
That's where none other than Kevin McCairn got his case.
And we're going to describe that super spreader event right now, I think.
Sweet.
Their response is now a case study in how to handle an outbreak.
Back in 2015, the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS, had scared them.
I'd like to look that up.
I spoke to South Korea's foreign minister, Kang Kun-ha.
The lessons from the mares experience was instrumental.
I think that failure had the seeds for the success this time.
It's weird because I thought mares was in camels.
So why was mares in South Korea?
That's strange.
I got to look into that.
I didn't know South Korea had anything to do with mares.
That's bizarre.
Officials called an emergency meeting.
That is super bizarre.
I am really befuddled by that.
Four known cases of COVID-19 in the whole country.
Healthcare officials summoned 20 private companies on January 27th to a conference room
So now they're telling us a story about how unlike us, when they only had four cases, Korea already went balls to the walls and called in all kinds of experts and went for it.
And that's why South Korea's response has been so successful.
The train station in Seoul is not just a train station.
It's a multi-function complex.
And so if you want to bring in experts from all across the country and have a quick meeting, this would be the ideal place.
The meeting at Seoul Station was prepared and carried out by the Korean CDC.
Dr. Lee Hyuk-min was at the meeting and headed the initiative.
The purpose of the meeting was to encourage the development of commercialized
The meeting was tense.
The meeting was tense?
Yeah, yeah.
It was tense because no one knew how contagious the virus was.
And so what was the thing that they got?
They got diagnostics, not countermeasures, not antivirals, not vitamin D and C and zinc, none of those things.
They were getting together 20 different companies to talk about diagnostics, sequencing, lateral flow test, antibody, seroprevalence, this kind of shit.
And how much time they had.
In our estimation,
The chance of the importation of COVID-19 in Korea is very high, we thought.
So when the first patient was confirmed in Korea, my first action is to make the diagnostic testing method to detect the COVID-19.
Based on their experience with MERS, the number of infected people could be- Think about how impressive that is, that their goal is to make a product, their goal is to pursue IP, their goal is to pursue a diagnostic, not treatment, not understanding the physiology, and that's the key to see here.
Be doubling every few days.
In a matter of weeks, South Korea.
An RNA-based signal is doubling every few days.
Stop lying!
Could be looking at over 100,000 cases.
Moving fast, just days after the train station meeting, four companies had developed COVID tests.
Just over a week later, one was approved for use.
By February 7th, 46 labs across the country began to test people.
A process that ordinarily could take a year had been completed in just over a week.
Only one test was approved?
Wow.
And then they made a bunch of it, or they had to take all the samples?
There were only four cases when they had their meeting and call to action.
That's right.
And they recognized how dangerous this was.
And even if all you have are four cases, that is a dangerous moment.
They tested around 10,000 people daily.
They then swung into action very decisively.
and set up this enormous testing regime along with very robust tools for monitoring cases and tracing contacts.
I'm starting to panic now because I'm starting to think if they really swabbed everybody and then put the data in a database.
If they did that to all the people that they swabbed in America, all of this data is collected
That might be all they can get from us, right?
Once they have that, they don't need us anymore.
It's our kids they want.
And if I hear that they were testing 10,000 people, I mean, I don't know, I'm just getting, I don't like it anymore.
And isolating and quarantining people based on that.
They began acting before it seemed like they needed to do so.
Former head of USAID, Dr. Rajiv Shah, was astounded by what South Korea was able to do.
Former head of USAID, the CIA funded funding source, you know, that's what they all say.
Look at that.
Come on.
For an RNA molecule.
This would make sense if it was a bacteria that you thought was sprayed on your... I mean like if it was a pattern integrity, but this is extraordinary.
...points who were making drive-through testing available very broadly by doing swab collections and mailing it into a public health laboratory construct where... and reference labs that can validate the data quickly.
They thought everything was under control.
Remember, flattening the curve was something that we could do.
You know, the curve was real.
That's what flattening the curve does, right?
It makes the curve real, and the curve was never real to begin with.
The curve was based solely on murder and lies.
They had found only 30 cases.
Then, on February 18th, they identified a 61-year-old woman in Daegu, South Korea.
At the time, they had discovered no other cases in Daegu.
This is the town where Kevin McCairn supposedly would get sick, right?
Because he says, and he claims regularly, that he was infected in a super spreader event in Korea that was on World News.
And most recently, he recounted this story in the presence of Stephanie Seneff on his own program, which obviously means Stephanie Seneff is an awful person as well.
But when they traced her contacts, it led them here.
the Shincheonji Church.
And don't take any offense to that.
Stephanie Seneff has been the control agent for glyphosate biology for like 10 years before the pandemic.
And she was part of Steve Kirsch's steering committee.
So if you had any idea that Stephanie Seneff was a good guy, you were wrong about that.
A Christian sect that claims over 200,000 members who believe that their leader, this man, is the Messiah.
Officials knew they had a big problem.
Is there really a false messiah in South Korea?
So how did he get infected by the followers of a false messiah in Korea?
That's interesting.
Obvious that this was a cluster that was at risk.
And then we decided to trace the group as a whole.
And this is about 9,000, 10,000 people.
So you tested 9,000 members of the church?
Not all of them, but we contacted them to the extent that they were traceable.
Asked if they had any symptoms.
The percentage of positives among them were much higher than any other groups.
Oh, more spray.
Oh, black suited sprayers.
Those guys are like the special troops.
They were doing it in office buildings.
Today, South Korea, along with Japan, Taiwan, and Vietnam, has managed to control the spread of the virus better than most countries.
And that is an illusion, right?
That is an illusion that they want to use to leverage against America, to make America think that the murder and lies that's happening in America is just our inability to deal.
our inability to enact draconian measures that are strong enough and forceful enough to stop the spread.
That's the illusion that the PBS NewsHour was foisting on our family and friends in 2020.
Hear it.
In Seoul, a crowded city of 10 million people, there have been just four known deaths.
In the country of South Korea, how many deaths approximately?
It would be 260, 264.
The number has now crept up to around 300.
By mid-January, the CDC was busy developing its own diagnostic test.
Here we go.
So now, of course, remember what happened, is that the CDC developed its own test because they didn't want to use the Jorston-Corman test, the Corman-Jorston test that McCairn and Yeadon and Claire Craig and Thomas Binder and all these other meddlers had decided to come out and say, I don't know, I don't think Thomas Binder is a meddler.
I think he was included in that paper so that they could control him.
And I had a very optimistic opinion that Michael Yeadon was also on that objection to the PCR test of the WHO in order to control him.
But his latest performance with Sasha leads me to believe that he's either been coerced or co-opted.
In any event, what we're talking about here, and I'm reminding you of, is that there was a paper that was written very early on in the pandemic that was coordinated by Claire Craig and
Kevin McKernan, and a guy by the name of Mahaltra.
and he's a German guy, and these people wrote a paper that purported to speak out against the methodologies and the specific details of the WHO test, and also said that they were very angry that the WHO test was approved in 24 hours and that means that it wasn't peer-reviewed.
They also filed an addendum to that, which was supposedly answering some critical response to the first paper.
But unfortunately, their website that they bought together, and you know, .com, you know, Corman-Jorston-Report.com, that website's gone.
The original article is gone.
The only thing you can find is the addendum.
So these guys who thought to get together and organize an international statement against
an international peer-reviewed paper against the WHO PCR thing that included Kevin McKernan and included Claire Craig, two people that I have identified over the last two months as being central to this illusion of consensus.
Definitely traitor, Kevin McKernan, and definitely a traitor to the UK, Claire Craig.
And so these people pretended to come out at the same time that the United States said that they were gonna make their own test and then flubbed it.
Listen, all the same, the same elaborate theater, just parts of it were on TV and parts of it were on Twitter and social media.
Good morning, everyone.
On January 28th, Secretary Azar announced they were ready to go.
Drosten, sorry, Drosten.
Was I saying Jorsten?
Yeah, Drosten, sorry.
Accomplishment within one week
Within one week, the CDC had invented a rapid diagnostic test.
Within weeks... Right out of the gate, I was feeling really good about the process.
Scott Becker is the CEO of the Association of Public Health Labs.
We were going to be able to cover the country to a good extent for the surveillance and early detection that was really job one.
But that optimism evaporated by the end of the first week in February.
It was Sunday morning, February 8th.
I woke up a little bit late.
I read my texts and my emails and I start seeing these messages.
We're having a problem.
Nice link.
Thanks, Daniel.
I call that an OSM.
It was my moment.
And I remember thinking, oh, my God, wait till governors and others find out about this.
We're all counting on getting testing up and running.
And what a nightmare this is going to be.
So it was pretty devastating to everyone, the CDC staff, to public health labs, to epidemiologists, public health community.
You know, we were left with
out the biggest tool in our toolbox.
Government officials discovered contamination in a CDC lab in Atlanta.
By then, a diagnostic test developed by German scientists was available from the WHO.
But U.S.
officials would insist it was better to find an American solution.
And in the background, in the dissident movement, where we were already talking about the lab leak, we already had dissidents putting out a paper and sharing it amongst each other that was saying that the WHO test was bullshit anyway.
So it makes sense for us not to use it.
What an amazing theater it was, ladies and gentlemen.
Any of these groups can submit their testing kits through our regulatory processes, but with- Don't forget that that guy by the name of, um, um, um, um, Burkhalter.
Burkhalter is the guy who Kevin McKernan has collaborated with to show us that there's double-stranded DNA contamination in the transfections.
The funny thing is, is Burkhalter at this time in American history was exclusively focused on filling that big gap of sequencing problems and big gap of PCR testing.
And so he was in the weeds and in the mud here trying to put together a, and help formulate a test product of his own.
He was getting in on the action.
Without that and without a plan, we are not going to accept tests that have not been studied by us.
Is that excusable that they failed to have a test ready to go?
That's inexcusable in my book.
I mean, how can you distribute something that is so critical to monitor
the epidemic and have it be faulty.
We cannot distribute drugs like that.
We cannot distribute other FDA approved tests in that fashion.
So that's certainly inexcusable.
And it's said.
Keep getting this Chinese guy to tell us what they did wrong.
It's really weird.
Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center.
Wow.
Month, I would say.
Is it unusual to have a glitch in the initial tests?
I have not seen another mistake like this at CDC.
The tests have rolled out very effectively without a glitch in the past.
My mind is that this is just a wonderful addition to the game.
It's a wonderful addition to the illusion that somebody like James Giordano could definitely tell you that there would be a forward-facing part of the brochure where we
and distribute a few cases here and a few cases there.
And then there will be the back room behind the curtain version, which is a whole series of officials on TV and officials on social media and fake dissidents on social media that would all control public opinion in order to get people to accept the pandemic and the solutions that the state wanted to provide for it.
You're just supposed to believe that maybe it was the DOD and a few people ceding cases and lying about it.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's a giant apparatus that spans internationally.
And the idea was to use America and murder in America to bamboozle the whole world about this stuff.
And at the same time, it was to use these five eyes countries, these other English speaking countries to create the illusion that America dropped the ball, that America's system fell apart, that Americans shouldn't trust their system, that America is hopelessly fractured.
And that's one of the reasons why the pandemic is so bad there and not so bad in Asian countries.
There are seeding a narrative of controlled demolition of the American idea.
It's more than a pandemic that they are seeding.
It's more than bad biology.
It's giant assumptions about our role in it, giant assumptions about our intentions within it, and giant assumptions about who the bad guys are and who the bad guys aren't.
Tom Friedman was head of the CDC during the Obama administration.
Is there any bigger misstep?
Tom Friedman was also at Event 201, not the real one, but the official one.
or stumble here than the failure to test.
I think when we look back at what went right and what went wrong we're going to focus on February.
What should have gotten done in February that didn't happen.
So my first question to you is, does the CDC's test for coronavirus work?
Yeah, the problem was when the test was sent to the states, one of the components had a contaminant in it.
I asked Dr. Redfield why South Korea... So you think that's the only component test was contaminated?
It's the only one?
Even though a lot of them were manufactured in China?
even though a lot of the lateral flow tests that the UK and America used are manufactured in China, you actually think that the manufacturing process and potential contamination with controls or with other reagents is not something that could happen at the private level as well?
Especially when you're issuing between 200 and 220 EUAs for such diagnostics in 2020?
Just one test, just like one shot,
was bad.
Johnson & Johnson was so bad we had to pull it off the shelf.
The rest of the transfections are pretty good.
You know, a lot of these tests are great, but the one that we rolled out first, we really flubbed it up because that one was contaminated.
Lion!
Can you see it for what it is, ladies and gentlemen?
Every one of these little tidbits of the narrative is designed to be a fake handhold so that you climb right past a question.
You climb right past the question of why do we need 220 different tests in America in a year?
Why do we climb over the fact that these are proprietary tests?
Why do we climb over the fact that we don't have any data from the previous years, so we don't even know?
Why do we climb over this fact?
Instead, we focus on one little anecdotal story and then allow the listener, the participant, the one that's sitting on the chair playing the game to jump to the conclusion that the rest of these tests must be OK.
succeeded where the U.S.
failed.
Korea had already developed private-public partnerships through the MERS thing and really had invested enormously appropriately.
And that's what our nation had not done over the last 30 years.
So you won't get an argument from me that the public health workforce has been really under-invested in for
DITRA controlled all of the sequencing for the first year or more.
So all the swabs that were PCR positive were not sequenced wherever they were found.
They were sent to a central location and the sequencing was controlled by DITRA for more than a year.
And that is public fact.
decades.
The CDC says it's now going to send improved tests.
DITRA, you know, that's the group that is headed by David Hohn, on whose couch Robert Malone has served and has known for a very long time as his good friend.
And yeah, David Holm, the guy that's got a virus-like particle patent with Sina Bavari, you know, the guy who's the head of the USAID.
Both of them are foreigners.
They're not Americans.
So I feel really good about them being in charge of our infrastructure in that way.
And Robert Malone is a best friend of him and was working for DITRA.
DITRA, the one that also ran the domain server, and DITRA, the one that did all the sequencing for the first year and a half.
Weeks were lost while the CDC remanufactured the tests.
If the failure at the CDC and the outbreaks in China and South Korea did not instill more urgency... More than 200 tests were eventually ended their EUA by the FDA.
That's correct.
See, the February outbreak in Iran should have.
This is Qom, a place of pilgrimage for Shiite Muslims from all over the world.
Oh, this is Iran.
This is what happened in Iran.
So again, keep in mind that if there is a deployment of a clone, if there is a deployment of a transfection that would one, give you the sequence indication of a coronavirus and two, express an immunogen that would cause people to get sick.
than if you want to not believe in viruses, but still believe in synthetic DNA and RNA, then there's still a really good way that a lot of that spike protein could have found itself in a lot of people and could have even spread for a short period of time by shedding these sequences and these proteins to other people.
You could have had an acute outbreak anywhere where a significant amount of that molecular clone was released.
I've asked you to do this thought exercise in the past, and I'll ask you to do it again now.
I want you to think of the first SARS virus release as a certain quantity.
Imagine, for example, that they made a certain quantity of a self-replicating RNA molecule that has an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase in it and a couple proteins in it and a couple of packaging sequences that Robert Malone would have been working on when he was a grad student back in the retrovirus days.
And those packaging sequences will cause, for a limited period of time, that RNA to be replicated and repackaged and shed.
And that they've been studying this technology for quite some time, as soon as they figured out that all eukaryotes are shedding genetic signals into a very limited set of genetic signals, and that that system could be hijacked.
and occasionally maybe it is hijacked.
So what they did was they took those signals that Nathan Wolf and Peter Daszak and Ralph Baric were studying but could never really get to grow in culture, and they made a large quantity of them, and then they threw them out of an airplane in China in 2002, and then they did their absolute best to see how far those molecules would go from the point where they threw the bottle.
And it turned out that they could follow that molecule or traces of that molecule through 10,000 people.
And of those 10,000 people, 700 of them died.
Now I want you to take that same thought experiment and imagine that they improved, they improved what they had in the bottle.
And then instead of making just one bottle, they made five bottles and they threw one bottle in Italy, one bottle in Wuhan, one bottle in Iran,
and they let it go.
How far can we track it?
Now I want you to imagine that that wasn't done on a clean chalkboard, that wasn't done on a background with no signals, but it was done on a background that was hot, a background where all kinds of these signals exist so that even if you don't really find the one you put out there, there's lots of other signals to find.
And since the national security state knows that there was a specific signal, but the pharmaceutical companies don't, the DOD contractors don't, most of the people that are on Substack don't, since the only conclusion that people can come to is that there's no virus, then the idea of a hot background on which they spilled some paint and then told you that the paint was evidence of the hot background,
and wherever they found the hot background was evidence that the paint was spreading, they have misconstrued a background signal and synthetic virology with pandemic potential.
And they've been doing it for 20 years with Peter Daszak, with Nathan Wolf.
And then at the beginning of the pandemic, they put people in all corners of the internet to make sure that any useful questioning of the narrative would never happen.
with any useful alternative interpretations of the biology of what happened would never happen.
And the only thing that we would get is an argument about whether it was a lab leak or gain of function, whether it was natural or gain of function, or whether there are any viruses at all.
And so the continued testing and deployment of self-replicating RNAs with immunogens on them
can go on into the future forever.
Because our kids are gonna grow up in a world where they believe that pandemic potential exists and that we don't have to worry about synthetic biology.
We don't have to worry about synthetic biology.
We don't have to worry about the fact that if they wanted to, they could make enough of any PCR signal or any RNA sequence and then distribute it at anywhere they wanted to find it.
We don't wanna talk about that.
Instead, Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project wants you to believe that, well, if we make a lot of it, it's just the same as the stuff in nature.
Come on, man.
It's the same subgenomic RNA selection and bouquet as the original viruses.
So you're not saying anything.
It's just, what did he call it?
What did he call it?
He called it, uh, he called it like crazy.
He called it, um, um, um,
one who flew over the cuckoo's nest crazy or something like that in a sub stack.
He wrote that concern over a large quantity of a, of a synthetic RNA would be, that's just silly.
It's the whole point of their obfuscation.
They never want you to understand that virology is an illusion created by synthetic RNA and DNA that's used to transform and transfect cell cultures in animals.
They never want you to know it.
Just like they never want you to know that healthy tissues in your body and your immune system, all of them are using very small genetic signals to communicate health and disease
And those signals are really hard to study.
They're very difficult to nail down.
And if we're ever going to understand how we are as a pattern integrity in existence and how we exist through time, then we're going to have to understand that communication mechanism.
And the only way to understand it would be to turn everybody into lab animals.
To understand that would be to turn everybody into lab animals.
So they've decided to do that decades ago, decades ago.
That's why, for example, maybe I shouldn't pause with Ayatollah Khomeini on there.
That's why we don't talk about, for example, let me just go back to, let me find a better picture here.
That's why none of these people don't talk about implied consent.
One of the things that I would like to say before I forget to say it, somebody sent me a very nice message about this.
And it's really important that people understand that in America, if you're sending your kids to school, you are basically giving implied consent.
Meaning that you're giving consent to whatever the school does.
And if your kid goes along with it, by sending your kid to school, you've already given implied consent.
And so there are legal sort of precedents set here, and there are parts of your school doctrine that will tell you this if you look for it, that if you don't want your kid to take a vaccine, you better make sure they're informed, because when we give vaccines at school, we'll give it to your kid, and you will have given implied consent by just sending him here.
And many, many states in America have this with their public schools, so you need to be aware of it.
because informed consent and the ability to say no is not being given to people in America and hasn't been given to children in America in public schools in a very, very long time.
You need to see the vaccine schedule in America and it's mandating in public schools for what it is.
It is a coercive means of removing your ability to exercise informed consent, which includes saying no.
for decades.
The CDC says it's now going to send improved tests to labs facing problems.
Weeks were lost while the CDC remanufactured the tests.
If the failure at the CDC and the outbreaks in China and South Korea did not instill more urgency, the February outbreak in Iran should have.
Now, I wanna just say something about the British intelligence asset.
One of the things that I keep thinking of is that the British crown or London was a giant weaponized pile of money 400 years ago.
That's a problem.
That's a very big problem because just like the Vatican was a weaponized pile of money 400 years ago,
Black Rock wasn't.
State Street wasn't.
And so it's very easy for us to focus on the characters in this comic book without realizing that 400 years ago, there were already weaponized piles of money that had almost conquered the globe.
And one of the things that my friend G. Edward Griffin often argues is that we were led to believe as Americans that we broke away from that control, that we separated ourselves from the crown.
But in reality, there have been traitors and their descendants in our government and in our culture since that breakaway, and we've never really fully broken away from the crown.
And if that's the case, it's very interesting that Jill Glass Poole Malone's father worked for the Crown.
It's very interesting that a lot of these people have connections to India or other places that are part of the Crown.
And once you start to see it as the Crown, instead of as Five Eyes, then you start to see why maybe South Africa and South Africans were also recruited, interestingly, very early, like Panda.
I'm starting to see it as a British crown thing too, which is also curious because Churchill actually called America an elephant and Russia a bear and called the UK a lion.
This is Qom, a place of pilgrimage for Shiite Muslims from all over the world, including China.
It was here that the world's next major outbreak of the virus erupted.
From the beginning, Iran's leaders, like America's, played down the dangers.
a mixture of religion and national.
Yeah, the informed consent thing and the implied consent thing has just went down in in in either Vermont.
I think it was in Vermont.
So that's a real recent case that somebody sent to me.
I think it was Kara.
But anyway, whoever sent it to me, thank you.
Pride had delayed Iran's response.
Iran would soon be reporting the world's highest mortality rate.
We never thought Iran would be one of the first countries hit
by the pandemic.
For whatever reason, because of our contacts, or because of other reasons, we were one of the first countries hit.
I was able to reach Iran's foreign minister, Javad Zarif, in Tehran.
It was 6 o'clock in the morning, my time.
Why do you think you were so hard hit?
What are the theories now?
Well, nobody knows.
I mean, it was at a time when, more than anything, the population was unprepared.
In fact, it was natural that Iran would be hit with a virus from China.
It was natural?
It is not only that Chinese pilgrims come here.
Iran faces tough U.S.
economic sanctions.
And as a result, China has become Iran's lifeline to the outside world.
Kamyar Alaei is an Iranian healthcare expert living in exile in the U.S.
There are a lot of, you know,
Iran's not going along with it if they don't understand what happened.
That's why GigaOM Biological is so important.
We're the only ones offering a alternative interpretation for what happened at the beginning of the pandemic that takes into account real virology methodologies, takes into account real pharmaceutical methodologies, takes into account real limitations to sequencing and PCR, and takes into account real limitations on what RNA virology is, not
They're just no viruses and cells.
When they die, they break up into little balls.
So that's what due to Chinese New Year, they went back to China, got infected, brought back to Iran.
And we ask
I don't think you can underestimate how few people in the world actually understand why RNA virology can be a mythology, but that doesn't mean there are no viruses.
That doesn't mean that there was no COVID.
That doesn't mean that there were no sequences.
There are many different scenarios where a combination of lies about a background, lies about synthetic virology and lies about clone release or clone deployments and toxin deployments that could be used in combination to create the chaos that these people say is very simply understood as a spreading risk additive RNA virus.
that is expanding exponentially across the globe because that's what RNA does when it has a fear and cleavage site and a couple of HIV inserts that they don't want to talk about because it's an Indian paper.
Oh, Indian.
Indian paper.
Interesting.
The flights from China to Iran, but due to political interests, the Iranian government, they decided not to do that.
The flights were on Iran's largest carrier, Mahan Air.
But Zarif told me that Iran cancelled its flights from China at the same time as America did.
I think we were one of the first to limit flights and to screen passengers.
The Americans cut flights from China at the end of January.
My information is that our decision was made basically in the same time zone as the others.
Yet one analysis of flight records shows that Mahan Air flew over 55 round trip flights to and from China between February 5th and February 23rd.
So how many flights really did go from China to, you see the crazy stuff here?
It's all the same.
They're getting you to ask all these crazy questions about really how many flights were there in February?
Like how should we really understand this?
Come on.
I just dried my pen out.
Yeah, it's an extraordinary place we're in.
Extraordinary place we're in.
They flew on to Iraq, Syria, Turkey, Lebanon, and other countries.
All the while, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, would continue to downplay the virus.
He said while.
At one point he said it was possibly a biological attack.
Do you agree with the Supreme Leader that the coronavirus was perhaps a biological attack by the United States?
Scooby-Doo on the PBS NewsHour!
Of course it had to be on the PBS NewsHour because this is where we say yes and no, and you know, who says what?
And then for the most part, they're gonna say it wasn't a lab leak.
It couldn't have been a lab leak and cover it up, right?
That's what this is.
Here's the on-ramp.
You can see it right here.
The PBS NewsHour put the little carrot in front of even our parents.
Wow.
On Iran.
Well, there are a lot of speculations on all sides.
about this, I said, it's not unreasonable to believe that.
Talk of a biological attack was a distraction.
Tehran's hospitals were overwhelmed.
Oh, of course they were.
On social media, people were seen collapsing in the streets.
It's frontline.
This is frontline.
Oh, wow, people were collapsing in Iran, too.
See?
and in China.
Wow.
I don't remember these.
The government also delayed the closing of parliament.
At least 23 senior government figures caught the coronavirus.
Reportedly, around a dozen senior officials died.
Hiraj Harirchi, the deputy health minister, appeared at this press conference clearly ill, while denying he had the coronavirus.
And he said, no, this is just, you know, common cold.
It's not a serious thing.
The next day, however, he tested positive and was hospitalized.
Interesting.
Iran also being crowned would be interesting, wouldn't it?
Hmm.
Maybe China is cooperating with the crown.
People continue to deny the seriousness of the situation.
I don't think it's the crown, though.
They just hide behind that royal family, right?
It's the city of London that we should be thinking about.
It wasn't until March 16th that the government closed Qom's shrines.
It took some time for us to close the shrine.
We have a very traditional society with people who still do not agree with us.
Interesting now.
So they had trouble shutting down too.
So it's the same narrative that if you could shut down as hard as the Koreans did,
or the Japanese or the Chinese, then these kinds of problems would be avoided.
But unfortunately, if you have a lot of religious zealots that won't listen to you, or you have a lot of freedom-loving people, conservatives that are into Trump, and you have a president like Trump, then you're gonna drop that ball.
By then, government officials had begun enforcing... You know, the opium war being London versus China is hard for me to understand, Pamela, because I don't understand how a small country that was sailing around the world and had India and these other places was able to
fight China by landing and giving them opioids.
Now, I'm not opiates.
I'm not saying that opium wasn't a thing.
I'm just trying to understand how that became significant when the population of Britain was, I think, quite a bit smaller than China, that China is such a geographically large with such a different culture and a huge language and writing barrier that would make it very hard for an Englishman dressed in his finest
outfit to show up on a shore and say, here, I've got opium to sell you.
And it would be very easy, I think, for that country to say, we don't want any of your opium.
And so I'm still having a hard time understanding whether that opium war is a
is a bedtime story that they tell us with a very specific, you know, set of bad guys and good guys and outcomes, or whether that's just really what happened, that the British were so incredible at controlling the seven seas around the world that they were also, you know, engaged in an opium war at the same time that they were
you know, extracting everything that they could from India and parts of Africa.
And I'm just, I'm trying to get my head around that.
but it was too late.
I mean, for example, if the opioids, opiates could have been used against certain factions in China by certain other factions in China that were cooperating with these foreigners that were bringing it in, then you can imagine a scenario where previous families or previous dynasties or whatever you call them in China could have, could have essentially made bargains with these foreigners in order to work against each other.
And so the opium war might not have been a war between Britain and China.
It might've been Britain turning Chinese people against Chinese people.
But I just don't understand how it is that somebody that's got boats and can only get to you by boats, but can't read your writing and can't speak your language can engage in an opium war on you.
Today, Iran has reported over 180,000 cases and 9,000 deaths.
Yeah, there was a lot of Americans.
There were a lot of American families that were also shipping opium to China.
Coronavirus should have been no surprise.
I don't want to laugh at people, but come on.
He put on his best clothes and then he ended up dying in the street later?
Like, really?
In 2014, the deadly Ebola epidemic was a big wake-up call.
Don't forget about Ebola.
The Ebola is a virus that's shaped exactly like the virus-like particle that Sina Bavari and David Hohn patented.
Exactly the same as the Ebola rod-like, you know, little worm-like thing.
That's what the virus-like particle that David Hohn and
And Sina Bavari patented does, it makes that.
And then that's why it's so exciting, because it can hold a gigantic RNA molecule if it's that large.
It's not just this little tiny circle, you know, it's like this long rod shaped thing.
Health systems.
Jeremy Konondyk led the U.S.
government's effort to fight it.
It was a monumental effort to bring that outbreak under control.
I think all of us who were involved in that effort looked back at that and said, wow,
a truly airborne or droplet style.
I mean, Pamela's right.
We have people falling on the street all the time in New York city.
And let's keep in mind that somebody with a glove and a small piece of car fentanyl could walk behind anyone on in front of a street camera and touch them lightly.
And in a few minutes, expect them to drop on the street as well.
So these are not videos that could not be created by lies or murder or both.
A respiratory pandemic is going to be so much worse.
and so much more difficult.
And so this is the story, right?
A flying Ebola would be the most dangerous thing ever, which is what Robert Malone and Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci and all of them have been talking about for a couple of decades.
And so there was a real urgency in the final years of the Obama administration to begin laying more groundwork for that kind of a scenario.
To address potential threats like this, the Obama White House organized a pandemic response team inside the National Security Council, the NSC.
...an infrastructure, so that if and when a new strain of flu, like the Spanish flu, crops up, five years from now or a decade from now, we've made the investment.
But in 2018, after Trump tapped John Bolton to head the NSC, the pandemic response team was reorganized.
Was that a funny handshake?
Is that a normal handshake?
I'm trying to think.
Do I put my thumb there?
I don't think I do.
His thumb is coming backwards, you see?
This thumb right here is coming backwards.
It shouldn't be there.
It should be right there.
That's where his thumb would be.
But look.
his thumb is also down and it shouldn't be down.
I don't want to be a shit, but that's not a normal handshake.
That's what you call, that's one of those Freemason handshakes because his thumb should be right there.
That's what you do.
You put your hand out like this and your thumb is on the top of their hand.
It's not, you don't shake somebody's hand and put your thumb over here.
You shake your hand and you put it over, your thumbs interlock, but this is a thumb going like that.
This is just annoying.
It's just annoying because again, they, they put this right in front of you, just like they put in front of us.
When that guy in Toronto stood in front of the, the COVID camera, and he put this symbol in his hand for like three seconds before he sat down.
But in 2018, after Trump tapped John Bolton to head the NSC, the pandemic response team was reorganized.
Its members were reassigned.
Its leader, Admiral  Was it Quebec?
Sorry, Jeff from Earth.
I'm glad you remembered.
It was somewhere, and I know I saw it.
I've got a video of it somewhere in the archive.
Timothy Ziemer left.
Bolton has maintained that he was simply streamlining bloated NSC operations.
and that it did not hurt America's pandemic response.
But last year, Stephen Morrison headed a bipartisan effort to address America's pandemic response capacity.
His report, released in November 2019, recommended the pandemic response team be moved back to the White House.
We live in an era in which we're seeing increasing rapidity and increasing velocity and increasing impacts
of these new pathogens coming at us.
This is the condition of our microbial universe today.
SARS-like virus has now spread into Japan.
More than 10,000 people died from H1N1.
The idea that you would disband your capacity willfully at the White House, aware of the developments of the last two decades, which were convincingly
that we needed to be prepared and far better prepared on a consistent and sustained and coherent basis.
What's the explanation that would be given?
Well, I can't speak for John Bolton.
I presume that they wanted to see that responsibility moved over.
out of the White House to the Secretary of HHS.
I'm of the opinion that it's at the 33rd degree that masonry actually starts.
So if you don't make it to 33rd degree, you're just like a Cub Scout that never made it to Eagle.
And then once you make it to Eagle, they take you into another room and they tell you what's really going on.
And so when you get to 33rd degree, that's the one where they've told you that, yeah, you have to choose a holy book or something like that.
And you choose the book you swear on and then you and then you're 33rd degree.
And then ever after that, I guess you just get to retire.
No, no, no.
That's that's the that's the level of commitment that's required for you to to make it to the highest levels of their network.
And very few people that are below that are really usefully in on anything.
That's what I think.
Of course, I don't know.
So what's wrong with that decision to move this capacity over to the HHS?
The mistake there is to assume that the secretary of HHS is able to
see the full picture and be able to command the different elements of our government to respond in a coordinated.
So he's actually telling you that it's the HHS that's gonna command and coordinate the response of all these parts of the government.
Is he talking about the 17 intelligence agencies?
Is he talking about DITRA and DOD and DARPA and BARDA and the State Department and CBERN and all these things?
Because I think he is.
And so here you go again with Sasha Latupova, the mom of Soph, telling us it's the DOD who released toxins.
There's a little truth everywhere, ladies and gentlemen.
There's a lot of truth on PBS NewsHour.
It's just what they don't tell you and how they tell it to you, that you gotta have a sophisticated understanding of this timeline and know what was going on in the background with Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch, who were not speaking out in 2020 at all, but were trying to get on the gravy train of repurposed drugs.
raising money to screen repurposed drugs.
That's what they were doing in 2020.
And Robert Malone was working closely with DITRA and DOD and used the pronoun we when talking about those entities.
But of course he didn't say any of that until 2021.
He was doing that behind the scenes now in 2020, when this video was released to your mom and dad, to my mom and dad, to my brother, to our neighbors.
Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch were still trying to get on the gravy train and not speaking out at all.
In a coherent and integrated way, that can only happen
through an empowered entity at the White House.
So by definition, we set ourselves up for a slow and sluggish response.
A slow, sluggish and halting response.
Because it was in the White House?
Interesting.
So it shouldn't have been in the White House.
They gave it to the White House, and then because they gave it to the White House, we had this really slow, sluggish response.
So there you go.
They're solving the mystery for you.
Now you know why it happened.
Shoulda never gave pandemic preparedness back to HHS.
I think that's what he's saying.
The virus was about to slam into Europe.
Wow.
Slam into Europe.
On February 19th, a championship soccer match was set to kick off in Italy's largest stadium.
February 19th, we're actually approaching Kevin McCairn's very first stream with Eddie Edds.
Capacity, 75,000.
The Atalanta team from Bergamo in Lombardy won the game.
Afterwards, Bergamo became the epicenter of Italy's outbreak.
And it was all because these people attended.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Dr. Stefano Fagioli of Bergamo remembers.
They had 10 colleagues from our hospital which went to see the game and 10 of them, they all got infected.
Wow.
When I spoke to Dr. Fagioli, he was quarantined at home after catching the virus himself.
And it's interesting that the two main outbreaks in Spain are close to Madrid and Valencia, which was the other, the opponent team.
In the beginning, Italy, like China and Iran, was slow to react.
Dr. Marco Vergano is an anesthesiologist in Turin.
We were conducting really the usual, a normal life, a social life, in the last week of February.
And it's really difficult to implement social distancing measures when you don't have your hospitals already overwhelmed by patients.
But they were losing valuable time.
Flights were cut from China, but as in the U.S., Italy hesitated to do more.
The job was left up to town mayors.
Remember the town mayors running around telling people they were going to get a flamethrower, I think.
I remember this.
There he is!
Flamethrower guy!
This is the same, you know, kind of shit that they pulled in America when they put sand in the beachfront skate parks and stuff.
they became viral on social media.
Yes, again, here we go.
Viral on social media.
Viral on social media is a- Stop lying!
It's a lie.
They are programmed.
They are put in front of everyone.
They programmed it so that you would see people falling down in Wuhan.
They programmed it so you would see the construction of the hospital.
And they programmed it so you would think that Trump wasn't reacting the way that he should.
And they programmed it so you would see these people in Italy doing more than Trump was doing.
stop lying people i think realized quite soon that this was a way to protect them and protect others probably this happened maybe go home to your playstation
than was necessary.
Go home to your PlayStation so it can make more pictures of your face for facial recognition databases all around the world.
Do you see it?
What we know is that if you implement some real stringent social distancing measures at the beginning of the surge, and since this is an exponential surge, just maybe 24 or 48 hours earlier is enough to avoid more than 30 or 40 percent
of the number of infected people.
That is an amazing statement that this RNA could have been avoided if we had just taken action 24 hours or 48 hours earlier.
We could avoid 40% or more of the people getting.
That is an extraordinary claim of understanding, extraordinary claim of certainty as if this is just a very simple system to understand.
And the math is really simple because exponential is exponential.
Holy shit, can you see it?
Three weeks later.
The closing of flights from China had done little to stem the spread.
In January, the government of Italy was celebrating a new initiative to increase Chinese tourism.
Emergency power has been extended to the flu pandemic right now already.
We're already in an emergency based on flu, not COVID, just in case you're unaware.
Tourists from Wuhan arrived in Milan on January 23rd.
They tested positive a week later.
The virus was already here.
Italy's surge in cases now marks the biggest coronavirus outbreak outside of Asia.
The death toll leaping by more than 50% in one day.
Italy is the hardest hit country in
That wasn't a person.
That was not a person.
Look at this.
Look at that head move.
That's not a real person.
That head's moving funny.
I don't think that was a real person.
It doesn't matter.
Was there a moment in time when this really seized your attention?
In my case, personally, it was that Skype call from the task force in Lombardia from this friend of mine.
He told me I have seen scenes in hospitals that I will never forget in my whole life.
He described hospitals with people in hallways and people dying outside of hospitals because even
There were not enough ambulances.
So keep in mind all these people were not tested, all these people were not sequenced.
So when I say that they could have used a clone to do it, you don't need a clone to do this because again, they're not sequencing everybody.
So there's no molecular biological illusion to what happened in Bergamo.
There's none.
Just be aware of that.
The molecular biological illusion comes later.
This is just an illusion about protocols and deaths and what's causing it.
And we don't know if it has to do with the exceptional vaccine coverage that they covered in this part of Italy for the first two years prior to the pandemic that we know was done by the military.
We know that for sure.
And so we have no idea, for example, if these people weren't primed.
You know, it could be one of these things that we're supposed to not ever talk about, you know, like graphene or 5G.
In Italy, it could have been something completely different.
And maybe in Italy, it was graphene and the turning on of 5G after these people had been implanted with the receiver in a pneumonia vaccine from the year previously.
Of course, that's an outlandishly science fiction story that I do not offer you as the most parsimonious explanation.
But I want to offer it to you as a much more plausible explanation than the idea that a particular RNA molecule is responsible for this.
Unless it's an RNA molecule that we ourselves made and made enough of so that it would do it.
Hospitals in Italy's north were overwhelmed.
There were not enough beds, let alone ventilators.
And so a lot of people got on supplementary oxygen, right?
Because they were running out of ventilators and supplementary oxygen causes the progression to ARDS.
And do not forget this because this could also have been happening in these people that are in the hallways when they don't have a ventilator.
Hospitals in Italy's north were overwhelmed.
There were not enough beds.
Look at that dude.
Look at this dude in the bubble.
Hospitals in Italy's north were overwhelmed.
Is he on full oxygen in that bubble?
Because if he's on pure oxygen in that bubble, he's going to develop ARDS.
There's another bubble right back there.
Oh my gosh.
If they are on high flow oxygen in those fricking bubbles, then they're going to develop ARDS and need a ventilator.
I'm sorry, but that is a really bad picture right there.
It's a really bad picture.
That is, oh, there's another one.
Look at the head on bubble headed.
Holy shit.
That is not a ventilator, ladies and gentlemen.
That is supplementary oxygen.
Not enough beds, let alone ventilator.
Oxygen.
Look, there's a line right there around his head and it's going right down here.
That person's on supplementary oxygen.
Do you see it?
in a condition with a severe shortage of resources and maybe you have 10 people in need of a ventilator and only one or two ventilators available.
and they need to be used by younger people that have a greater chance of survival, right?
And they're using ventilators on the younger people because the old people are already lost.
And the crazy part is, is that that's not what the Italian said.
That's what the PBS NewsHour guy asked him to confirm.
Stop lying!
Think about that.
Need of a ventilator and only one or two ventilators available.
and they need to be used by younger people that have a greater chance of survival, right?
Yeah.
Wow.
You're damn right it's murder.
Those bubble heads that we just saw are evidence for me that it was murder.
Lockdown until March 9th.
To date, over 34,000 Italians have died of COVID-19.
Seeing what was happening around the world, top American public health officials were increasingly convinced that halting flights from China was not enough.
I think most health officials agree that, at best, it delays and, as the secretary says, kind of pauses things.
Dr. Fauci and two other officials planned to confront the president on February 26.
a broad pandemic throughout the world, travel restrictions are not going to help.
You can't just travel restrict everyone.
The public health officials, Redfield, Anthony Fauci at the NIH, Stephen Hahn at FDA, they had all decided that was going to be the day they were going to tell the president, hey, look, we need to be more aggressive here.
But before they could do that, Dr. Nancy Messonnier, a top CDC official, spoke out publicly.
Tonight, the CDC is calling the coronavirus a tremendous health threat.
We are working to ready our public health workforce to respond to local cases and the possibility this outbreak could become a pandemic.
It was a dire warning.
The virus has killed more than 2,200 people and infected nearly 77,000 worldwide.
The president was on his way to India.
There, he was reassuring.
You may ask about the coronavirus, which is very well under control in our country.
We have very few people with it.
But as he prepared to return home, Messonnier spoke to reporters.
Don't forget that he also interviewed with none other than Sherry Markinson in Australia that we showed a couple days ago, where he also made the same claim.
Again.
And also said that it's likely from a lab leak.
He didn't say that to America on American TV, but he did say it to Australians on Australian TV, and then now only recently are we allowed to see that Sky News did that.
You see?
We expect we will see community spread in this country.
It's not so much a question of if this will happen anymore, but rather more of a question of exactly when this will happen and how many people in this country will have severe illness.
Federal health officials said today the coronavirus will certainly begin spreading.
It is not a question of if, but when.
Now remember a couple months or a couple weeks earlier, we were still arguing about whether human human to transmission had started and when did China know it?
And if they told us earlier, could we have stopped it?
And now we're talking about a couple days of a window in Italy where we could have stopped it and prevented 40% of the cases.
But in America, it's...
It is the narrative, the theater that they wanted our family and friends to participate in so that we would teach our children this mythology.
And we're not going to do it.
As Nancy Messonnier is giving this briefing to reporters,
The president is just getting on Air Force One in India to fly home.
So as he's flying home, the stock market crashes 1,000 points.
Wall Street continues to sell on those coronavirus fears, the Dow falling close to 900 points today.
TV is broadcasting nonstop about how this is going to change the way Americans live.
And of course, the president hadn't been briefed on any of this.
So, by the time Air Force One lands Wednesday morning on the 26th, he's fuming, he's angry.
The big economic success that he's constantly touting is under assault from his viewpoint.
He picks up the phone and calls Azar, yells at Azar, says, you're scaring people to death here.
What's going on?
But the big consequence of that is that the briefing that the
public health officials had intended to do for Trump that evening after he'd returned, that briefing never happens.
Yeah, if those bubble heads are oxygen-tense, then they had them on high-flow oxygen and they were causing ARDS.
It's easy to see it.
Angry with his public health advisors, Trump refused to meet with them.
Talk of more aggressive measures such as stay-at-home orders and strict social distancing was put off.
Messonnier's warnings were heresy.
They then, the next day, dedicated an entire presidential press conference to walking back the warning and the assessment that she had given.
Thank you very much, everybody.
Thank you very much.
And with the benefit of a month's hindsight, she was 100% right.
She accurately anticipated what was about to happen.
She tried to warn the country of that.
Center for Global Development.
Thanks, buddy.
The White House tried to furiously walk it back.
Did you see the book that was on the shelf behind him?
Right.
She accurately anticipated lessons for the next pandemic with Ebola.
I mean, come on, all these people, all of them, all of them did what was about to happen.
She tried to warn the country of that.
And the White House tried to furiously walk it back.
The CDC said yesterday that they believe it's inevitable that the virus will spread in the United States, and it's not a question of if but when.
Do you agree with that assessment?
Well, I don't think it's inevitable.
It probably will.
It possibly will.
It could be at a very small level or it could be at a larger level.
Whatever happens, we're totally prepared.
We have the best people in the world.
As someone who served in government, I can tell you that kind of behavior sends a very, very clear signal to government workers about what is and is not permissible to say.
It's interesting that it's very much like what happened in China in late December and early January.
The parallels are very striking.
I think it's immensely irresponsible of people in this administration to be blaming China for that kind of behavior, even as they have engaged in it themselves.
Dr. Nancy Messonnier would be sidelined.
Alex Azar was removed as head of the task force.
He was replaced by Vice President Pence.
Mike is going to be in charge, and Mike will report back to me.
Mike Pence and Jared Kushner.
He's got a certain talent for this, and I'm going to ask Mike Pence to say a few words, please.
Thank you, Mike.
What talent Vice President Pence was bringing was not clear.
Thank you, Mr. President.
When he was governor of Indiana, he had slashed the state's public health budget.
As a staunch evangelical Christian, he had questioned scientific advice.
So, not in the least, when this was mentioned to me, I was delighted that I get to have the Vice President helping in this way.
Delighted.
Absolutely.
The daily press briefings became a platform for the president's positive messaging.
You are hearing the line that the risk for Americans is low, which comes from everybody's mouth, from the president on down.
Mr. President, how should Americans prepare for this virus?
Should they go on with their daily lives, change their routine?
What should what should they do?
Well, I hope they don't change their routine.
But maybe, Anthony, I'll let you I'll let you answer that.
Or Bob, do you want to answer?
Thank you.
I think it's really important that, as I said, the risk at this time is low.
The American public needs to go on with their normal lives.
You said, February 29th, the risk at this time is low.
It was true at that time, Martin.
I think the risk was low.
But by this time...
What?!
We just heard somebody from Italy say that it's on down to a 24-hour or 48-hour window.
We just heard an hour long program telling us how we missed the three weeks where we knew something was happening in China and countries like Korea took action and we didn't.
The narrative is changing even in this documentary for shit's sake.
China had had an outbreak.
Iran was in the midst of a major outbreak, as was Italy.
And you're saying at this time the risk is low.
Yeah, well the risk was low to the general American public at the time.
But the fact is that we had stumbled in February to test adequately, to test enough people to know where things were going.
How can you say that when we had such inadequate testing?
Well, the purpose, I'm sure, of your documentary is to help identify lessons and correct them so we don't repeat this.
Many of us are in the arena.
I'm sure your documentary is to document the mistakes we made so that we don't repeat them.
Stop lying!
Gee whiz, why don't you just say it out loud?
We're, as Teddy Roosevelt would say, we're marred and bloodied.
Uh, we're trying to dare greatly.
Hopefully, at best, we'll know the triumph of high achievement.
And, you know, at worst, we'll fail by daring greatly.
Throughout February, the president had continued to hold his rallies.
Hello, Phoenix.
Hello, Las Vegas.
Great to be with you.
Where else would you like to be but a Trump rally, right?
Fortunately, only a Biogen event in Boston was a super-spreader event.
Fortunately, only a Christian gathering in Korea was a super-spreader event.
None of Trump rallies were super-spreader events.
Neither were the seven months of protests on the streets for George Floyd super-spreader events.
Just keep that in mind.
He blamed others for exaggerating the threat.
Now the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus.
You know that, right?
Coronavirus.
They're politicizing it.
And this is their new hoax.
The president would not call for social distancing for another two and a half weeks.
We have leaders throughout much of January and February saying that this is a hoax.
35,000 people on average die each year from the flu.
Did anyone know that?
35,000.
And so far, we have lost nobody to coronavirus in the United States.
And they shake their head, no, we didn't know that.
Those are all imaginary numbers, right?
Those aren't real tested numbers.
Those are projected numbers by the CDC.
What he should have said was, is that between 50 and 65,000 Americans die every week in total.
Every week.
All the time.
It's a complete denial of science and leading to all sorts of decisions that are harmful to our country, to our planet.
You're quoting the president.
He made these comments.
Is it your view that he knew Frontline documentary from 2020 in August better than that?
Or was he simply misinformed?
I cannot psychoanalyze the president.
But we know that he has a tendency to believe he's the best at everything.
He probably thinks he's better than the scientists.
And you wonder the press is in hysteria mode.
Fake news and the camera just went off.
I think if he were practicing medicine, he would be negligent and he would be prosecuted.
The president's behavior, the president's resort to repeated falsehoods is a function of the way he is approaching this crisis.
He's approaching this crisis about how it affects his own political survivability and re-electability.
This is a list of the different countries.
United States is rated number one, most prepared.
I would equate it to something like seeing a hurricane offshore
that has just taken out a couple of Caribbean islands and is strengthening to Category 5 as it heads for Florida, and not bothering to tell people to get off the beach and board their windows, and only starting to do that when you see the storm surge coming ashore, by which point it's, of course, far too late.
Unbelievable.
the kinds of lies they were telling, the commitment, spectacular commitment to lies.
The first COVID-19 death to be recognized in America was on February 29th, near Seattle.
So whom is county, Matt?
It was followed by a cluster of cases in a nursing home.
But the big bomb would land on New York City.
From the suburb of New Rochelle, 20 miles north of the city, an estate lawyer commuted daily by train into his office in midtown Manhattan.
In late February, he started feeling sick.
On February 27th, he checked himself into a New York Presbyterian hospital in Bronxville, New York.
Lawrence Garbus tested positive on March 2nd.
The man in his 50s lives in Westchester, but works in Manhattan.
New York City Health Department says he is in severe condition.
Now the entire family in quarantine.
For Dr. Griffin, who had been seeing patients- Dr. Griffin again!
Since mid-February, the Garbus case confirmed what he had suspected all along.
With his stupid bow tie on.
This gentleman had not traveled, so he had obviously acquired it in the New York area.
Obviously.
Dr. Griffin had been pressing for more testing for weeks.
But because of a lack of testing capacity, he says the CDC told him he could only test Garbus's immediate contacts.
The subway has daily ridership of approximately 3.2 million people and the buses have a daily ridership of 1.4.
Yeah, okay.
Our impression at this point in the end of February, beginning of March,
is that we already had community transmission of COVID-19.
Oh, now it's not human to human anymore.
Now it's community transmission.
So we're graduating up this hypothetically, it's a mythological ladder of understanding and a ladder of zoonosis.
It's hilarious.
In the New York area.
Community.
But you're only letting us test people that have had contact with this man.
We don't think he got it in New Rochelle.
We suspect he got it commuting to and from the city.
We would like to start testing all these people with respiratory symptoms that we don't have a diagnosis for.
What's their response?
We still have our rigid criteria.
Unless someone is really severely ill.
They need to have a direct contact or a travel history And what's your response to them?
Our response is we think this gentleman got it in the community and so now the argument is and the show the theater that we are being told is that Griffin here
unlike the rest of his colleagues was taking it seriously.
Griffin here wanted to go harder than the rest of his colleagues did.
And it seems like the rest of his colleagues were listening to the White House and didn't take it very seriously because Donald Trump didn't take it very seriously.
But thank goodness we have this guy who's been on the web every day and every week since with Vincent Racaniello.
We think there's community spread and we would like to do broader testing.
But you're not allowed to?
We're not allowed to.
We would really like to swab everybody in New York City on a daily basis as they get on the subway, but we're not allowed to.
Jessica Caro is a nurse who works at a New York Presbyterian clinic.
We first heard the news of the lawyer from New Rochelle getting sick, and that scared me because I live, like, maybe a 10-minute drive away from there.
And if one of these RNA molecules gets on your skin or in your eye mucosa or in your throat, it could be game over.
I mean, Li Min Yan told us that, you know, everybody could die.
The whole planet is in danger.
It could be 8 billion people dead and the vaccine won't help you.
This is August, exactly when she is on Fox News telling everybody that.
She was complaining to me that she had a fever and, you know, nurse mom was just, like, throwing her some Motrin and saying, you know, you'll be fine, you'll be fine.
And I finally got a thermometer on her when I almost dropped it because it was 105, not 100.5, it was 105.
Wanting to get her daughter tested, Jessica called New York's COVID hotline.
Thank you for calling the New York State COVID-19 hotline.
Eventually, she got a live person on the line, but it didn't help.
This man was like, has your daughter traveled to China?
And I'm like, no.
He's like, well, has she had contact with somebody that's positive?
I'm like, well, we don't know.
And the last question was, is she short of breath?
And I'm like, well, not currently, but she's very sick.
And the man tells me, well, if she's not short of breath, she doesn't qualify.
I remember hanging up the phone and just like this, I could feel the heat coming off of me, just how angry I was.
I'm really erring on the side right now thinking that they transfected people.
And so they released a quantity, and they knew how much they released, and they watched how it worked.
They released a quantity in Iran and in Italy, and they watched how it worked.
That's what I think.
And they watched how long the signal would be detectable.
because they're trying to learn about this background.
They're trying to learn if they can manipulate it and use it against us.
And the other, even more parsimonious explanation would be that they characterized the background for the last 10 years, and then they rolled out PCR and sequencing with an illusion that it was evidence of spread, when in reality there was no spread, nothing spreading.
This was them testing for a background signal that they were, you know, using media and social media illusions of consensus
created by PBS NewsHour and people like Griffin to make doctors think that there was something real happening when there wasn't.
Remember, Lee Min Yan even told us that natural immunity wouldn't work, just like Rochelle Walensky and a lot of these others asked us in a Lancet paper in October of 2021.
There was a shortage of tests across America.
Dr. Susan Butler-Wu runs a clinical microbiology lab in Los Angeles.
testing was very restricted, you have to get approval from your local public health authority in order to be able to do that testing.
And they then had to coordinate with the CDC to get approval to do the testing.
So, it was a very arduous process.
Because of shortages, the CDC limited who qualified for a test.
At one point, testing was limited to people coming in from mainland China.
But viruses don't respect borders.
They don't
According to Denny Rancor, they respect voters very well.
Oops.
I think we were always way behind because of that.
It wasn't probably until later in January, February, that I really started to feel like even if the public health labs were able to offer this testing, it's just not sufficient.
We're not going to be able to respond to something of this magnitude.
I've talked to a number of doctors and they say, look, if I couldn't tell.
Just keep in mind that it is Kissinger himself who purported to say that if we get people to accept vaccination, then, you know, we can do whatever we want.
And so the COVID pandemic could be just to get our kids to accept it.
And then when they want to do the next thing, when they want to take the next step, whether it is to screen people or to cull or whatever, then they can do it because they already have access to us via intramuscular injection.
And an intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is, of course, dumb.
And that's why part of the reason why everybody has to ignore me is because of that statement, because they need access before they can test transfection and transformation.
And they would need access before they could sample you.
And they would need access if they were really going to eventually depopulate us.
If they depopulated us on the first COVID shot, then it wouldn't have gotten full coverage, right?
Instead, they used placebo batches to test a few versions of the transfection and make sure that most people thought it worked fine.
I didn't feel a thing.
I told them that my patient had been to China
they couldn't get a test.
Yeah, that's a decision that's made individually by each health department, how they wanted to do that.
I will say that early on in January and February, the cases that were recognized in the United States were largely linked to Wuhan, China.
And so those were the case criteria as this new epidemic happened.
Wow, that is just impressive.
So the case criteria, the case criteria is what caused us from seeing the depth and the breadth of the true crisis.
...allowed for more people to get tests, but shortages persisted, though not for celebrities.
...reports that Kevin Durant has been tested.
Soothspiders got it right on the head.
This is a long game and they cannot do it in one generation.
It's a long game.
positive for the coronavirus.
On social media, criticism for celebrities who've been tested like Celine Dion, Heidi Klum, and reportedly Kris Jenner.
Whatever it may be, I'm going to quarantine myself.
How are non-symptomatic professional athletes getting tests while other- Oh no, now they're getting pissed because professional athletes get to test when they don't have symptoms, but normal people don't get to.
It looks like they're protecting the celebrities on Hollywood sets better than they're protecting the average people on main street.
Wow.
That is a debate that we didn't need to get into.
Huh?
Pro athletes and celebs.
have tests when they're not symptomatic, and that's not fair.
That's like, oh my gosh, that's so classy.
We see stars being able to be tested where people without means or without celebrity status are unable to get tested.
Wow.
Yeah, unfortunately.
With regard to inequity in our society have really come out.
Was that today's oxygen bottles?
Oh my gosh.
Yes.
Look what you just saw.
Free reign.
Nice catch.
Oh my gosh, that is a gigantic catch.
Look at that.
There is no explanation for that.
Oh my gosh, that is amazing.
That is amazing.
And while they show you the supplementary oxygen being brought in by these 2000 liter tanks,
Because one of those tanks can hold like a whole gymnasium full of air.
That's why you don't want one blowing up.
Like that, those are great big amounts of pure oxygen produced.
That's impressive.
And so while they show us the high flow oxygen evidence, they also tell us that celebrities are taking all the tests when they don't even have symptoms.
That's not fair.
Yeah, unfortunately, a lot of issues with regard to inequity in our society have really come out.
But I think that people get a little bit intolerant when it's actually affecting the health of them, their loved ones, their children, when they realize that
you're concerned about your mother, she can't get tested, but a VIP can get tested.
And I think that during a pandemic, there's something quite wrong with that occurring.
Stop lying!
Wow, that is gross.
Certainly among all the major countries.
By the end of the first week in March, there were 337 cases of COVID-19.
Holy shit, I never even thought about that.
Of course they could have put shit in the oxygen.
Of course they could have.
Nineteen in the U.S.
and 17 deaths.
But cases were doubling every several days, and only around 4,000 people had been tested.
When the president visited the CDC on March 6, he flatly denied there was a shortage.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the United States of America Anybody right now and yesterday, anybody that needs a test gets a test.
They're there.
I think in this same little visit, he also talks to Kizmekia.
They have the tests, and the tests are beautiful.
You know, March 6th... No, no, maybe not.
That's too early.
...is the date that you won't forget, where the president came to the CDC.
He's wearing the hat, Make America Great Again.
And he states that everyone who wants a test can get a test.
Did he believe that, do you think?
Again, I'm not going to comment on what I think the president believed or didn't believe.
Did you talk to him?
Did you say to him, look, Mr. President, with all due respect, it's not true what you're saying.
Yeah, I'm not going to comment on the conversations I've had with the president.
If there's a doctor that wants to test, if there's somebody coming off a ship, they're all set.
I remember watching that and thinking, I'd like the ability to test patients in my hospital at a much larger scale than what I'm doing, and I know I can't do that either.
So at the time, it didn't reflect the reality of what I was experiencing as a clinical laboratory director in a hospital.
She has a virus behind her there and a little plush toy.
Not at all.
And the tests are all perfect, like the letter was perfect.
The tests are all perfect, like the letter he sent to North Korea.
Prescription was perfect.
It was a made-for-TV event, and it was soundbites.
The reality of the situation was quite different, and I think most Americans knew that at the time.
The president had to have known.
I would expect that he did.
But even had there been enough tests, the U.S.
was facing a shortage of nasal swabs, masks, and other equipment needed to carry out the tests.
So one of the frontline documentaries that comes a month after this is an hour about how we had a shortage of PPE.
An hour about how we had a shortage of PPE.
And the president placed responsibility on state and local authorities to acquire their own supplies.
Respirators, ventilators, all of the equipment, try getting it yourself.
We will be backing you, but try getting it yourself.
When he says things like the governors in the states should be trying to look after their own needs and get these things themselves, what that means is there is no single picture of what the country needs.
You want to hear something crazy?
There was a guy at the University of Pittsburgh that you can actually look up, and in the beginning of the pandemic, he stole, like,
like a lot of masks and tried to sell them on eBay at $5,000 a box.
And he made like 15 grand before the FBI caught him.
And then he lost his job and you know, like it was hardcore.
I don't know if he got sentenced already or what, but he was like one of the heads of physical plant at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine where I was working.
And he was actually friends, good friends with my neighbor on my old street where I lost my house.
And so I had sat with that guy a couple years earlier in the backyard of parties and at our block party and stuff because he came for those friends.
And I've talked to him a long time over beers and stuff and knew that he worked at Pittsburgh where I worked, but we never ran into each other because there's lots of buildings there.
Then at the beginning of the pandemic to hear that this guy Chris had stolen masks and risked his job and lost it to try and make a buck was absolutely mind-blowing to me because his family's well-to-do and that he didn't need to do it.
It was like more for thrill or something.
But again, it was because they had created this incredible illusion of consensus that we were short of PPE, that PPE was going to run out, that we didn't have our shit together, and that there was a disaster coming.
So he saw profit.
He saw opportunity in that locked closet.
You're on your own, boys and girls.
You're on your own, but we're also going to be buying up all the supplies that we've told you you need.
Every state is basically going on eBay and bidding against all the others and against the federal.
On eBay, where that guy was selling boxes of PPE.
I'm not kidding.
Government to try and get the basic supplies that they need.
By March 11, there were 1,300 cases in the U.S.
and 36 deaths.
It was then that President Trump decided to expand his travel ban to European countries.
My fellow Americans, to keep new cases from entering our shores, we will be suspending all travel from Europe to the United States for the next 30 days.
The next day, Dr. Fauci testified before Congress and admitted they were still failing to test adequately.
The system is not really geared to what we need right now, what you are asking for.
That is a failing.
A failing, yes.
It is a failing.
Let's admit it.
He was spot on, and I'm glad he said it.
Somebody had to say it.
The way people in other country are doing it, we're not set up for that.
I concur with Dr. Fauci.
We've completely failed.
This is a massive failure.
At the end of the day,
The whole way that healthcare is set up in this country is the... That doesn't sound like an American to me.
Do you hear an American accent here?
What is that?
Dr. Fauci, we've completely failed.
This is a, there's a massive failure.
But at the end of the day, the whole way that healthcare is set up in this country
is the failure too, right?
That every lab is fighting.
She's got the same glasses that Claire Craig wears.
I don't like this accent at all.
This is not an American.
Every state is fighting for itself.
Every city is fighting for itself.
I mean, that's not what you need in something like this.
Is it possible that your impulse to put a positive spin on things may be giving Americans a false sense of hope and misrepresenting preparedness right now?
No, I don't think so.
I think that, I think it's got, you know, the not-yet-approved drug on it.
Such a lovely question.
What do you say to Americans who are scared, though?
I guess nearly 200 dead, 14,000 who are sick, millions, as you witnessed, who are scared right now.
What do you say to Americans who are watching you right now who are scared?
The FLCCC says to go to the hospital if your pulse ox gets below 94.
I say that you're a terrible reporter.
That's what I say.
I think it's a very nasty question, and I think it's a very bad signal that you're putting out to the American people.
The American people are looking for answers, and they're looking for hope.
And you're doing sensationalism.
By the end of March, there were more than 5,500 deaths.
Many of them probably started by supplementary oxygen leading to ARDS and then ventilation, not Remdesivir.
You see, Remdesivir isn't out there yet.
Fauci didn't get on the couch and say that yet.
So you can't blame Remdesivir for the murder that happened in the beginning of the pandemic.
You can't blame Remdesivir for this murder that they used to model all of the coming months, that they used to project the future.
Jessica Carroll, the clinic nurse, was never able to get her daughter Gianna tested.
If I get to be in that movie where Robert De Niro plays Tony Fauci, then I want the guy from The Fly to play me.
Gianna recovered.
But two weeks later, Jessica's aunt Amelia spiked a high fever and cough.
I get a phone call from my mom that my aunt is ill and
That's when I started to get really scared.
There's gotta be a guy from The Sopranos who could play Tony Fauci better.
Um... Because you kept hearing, the hospital's filling up, and now I'm like, wait, this is not good.
Jeff Goldblum is from Pittsburgh, actually, and he, like me, also has no cavities.
Amelia was hospitalized, but in the meantime, Jessica got another call.
It was her mother.
She said, I have to tell you something.
I have a fever.
And I said, no, mommy, please don't tell me that.
And she goes, yeah, I have a fever.
And I started coughing.
And I'm scared.
Jessica's mother was hospitalized on April 7.
The next day, just down the hospital hallway.
Al Pacino is one skilled mofo.
That is for sure.
I agree with that.
I like Al Pacino a lot.
Her sister, Amelia, Jessica's aunt, died.
By now, there were over 18.
There's the refrigerator truck and it's well lit.
You know, it got the lights on it to make sure you can see it.
13,000 deaths from coronavirus in America.
That was pretty extraordinary.
The one time that I spoke to her on the phone, she was very out of breath.
Every word was labored.
And so we, at that point, were just conversing by text.
But then I had texted her at some point in the evening, and she hadn't answered me back.
What about the guy who, you remember Soprano had a sister and she got married to one of the bad, bad or bad guys and then she ended up shooting him in the chest.
That guy could play, that guy could play Tony Fauci.
And I'm like now starting getting worried.
And next thing you know, I get a text from her.
It was like jarbled gibberish.
And then it was call me, call me now.
And the doctor was there and the doctor is telling me,
Um, you know, unfortunately, at this point, we need to intubate.
Okay.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Thank you so much.
Since visiting was prohibited, Jessica could only reach her mother through FaceTime.
Hi, Mommy.
Hi, Mama.
Do you hear me?
In my heart, I know she was able to hear me, but it was hard to see her like that.
I can get chills from that because you know what they're doing, right?
They're creating an illusion of consensus among Americans and everybody that watched Frontline.
And that is gross.
I even promised her that when she got better, I'd take her to her favorite place, which is the casino.
And not being able to... Mommy.
Hi, Mama.
Do you hear me?
It looks like a feeding tube also, actually, right?
Because that one, that one there has got stuff in it, and this one doesn't.
And then there's more.
I mean, that's a lot of tubes, indeed.
At heart, I know she was able to hear me.
but it was hard to see her like that.
Also some IVs.
I even promised her that when she got better, I'd take her to her favorite place, which is the casino.
And not being able to be there and hold her hand and let her hear my voice has just been the worst of all of this.
Mama, I love you.
Wow.
I love you so much.
This is so gross.
and you're fighting.
I know you are.
I need you to get better, Mommy, okay?
After 16 days on a ventilator, Jessica's mother, Ann Martinez, passed away.
It happened on April 23rd.
It was her 80th birthday.
By then, over 50,000 Americans had died.
around 15,000 of them in New York State.
See, 15,000 in New York State.
I thought it was 24,000.
Five weeks.
The bodies were stored in refrigerated trucks next to the hospitals.
Oh, some of those trucks weren't even running.
When they had people walking around those hospitals, they weren't even running.
Dr. Ho, on March 31st, he described New York this way.
New York is the new Wuhan right now.
There's tremendous carnage seen in all the hospitals in this area.
Tremendous carnage.
Stop lying!
Tremendous carnage that no police officer noticed.
They're scared.
Tremendous carnage, like 5,000 bodies a week when normally they're used to doing like 700.
But who knows who carried all these bodies around?
Who knows where they got all the gurneys?
Who knows?
I guess they just stacked them up like cordwood inside of those trucks.
We just didn't see anybody, you know, two big strong guys going like this.
We didn't see anybody throwing bodies into trucks.
like this, even though if you had 5,000 bodies a week in a city that's usually having 700 to 1,000, you'd need to have a few strong guys throwing bodies into a truck like this.
Who processed all these bodies?
Well, it's like being hit by a tsunami of patients, and they're not well equipped to fight this.
Who do you blame for that?
Technically that's called a bag of holding.
I mean, if you're really going to stick to the original Dungeons and Dragons mythology, then it's called a bag of holding and Harry Potter took it and made it something else.
I blame the government.
I honestly, I blame the government for, um, not alert.
She blames the government and incidentally on Sky News Australia, they also blame our government.
Being a sooner that this was going to be an issue, not, um, consolidating a nationwide stockpile.
and not putting people in charge of giving it to who needs it in an orderly fashion.
Just being a citizen, not even being a healthcare professional and watching the news, I can see how just incompetent everything is.
Jessica Caro's mother and aunt immigrated here from the Dominican Republic.
Black and Latino communities have been the hardest hit.
Blacks and Latinos are grossly disproportionately killed.
Cleavon Gilman.
And that was probably because they are on Medicare.
That's probably because when they were brought into the hospital, they were targeted for the high flow oxygen death protocol.
That's because as Denny Rancor has shown that the death rate in America directly correlates with poverty.
not black and Latino, but poverty, income level, not black and Latino.
But the PBS NewsHour would like you to believe that it's a race problem in America because America has a race problem and it's systemic.
That's why celebrities get to test when they're not positive, but we don't get any tests.
Is an emergency room doctor at New York Presbyterian.
It's just due to that a large majority of us live in housing projects as well.
A lot of us are also essential workers, MTA officers, grocery clerks.
And that's just taking a toll on our whole community.
Across the city, the virus has been twice as deadly for Blacks and Latinos as whites.
And poverty is also a dangerous risk factor.
I think this crisis has amassed a tremendous vulnerability in America.
Former USAID guy again.
Where 40, 50, 60% of American households.
USAID, the entity in the United States that funded EcoHealth Alliance, so essentially funded the illusion of pandemic potential.
Barely get by day to day, have lost faith in the American.
And he actually was there when they funded him, you see?
So he's definitely part of the DASAC illusion.
And DASAC is not an illusion that they're covering up.
It's an illusion.
He's a fat nobody who used to work on electron microscopes and was a zoologist before he became the EcoHealth Alliance guy.
He's a nobody.
He's not a real biologist.
He's not a real academic.
He is an intelligence agent that has been put forth by the American traders and probably by the British crown or the city of London or whoever weaponized pile of money is behind him to set up the belief in pandemic potential for it to be ubiquitous throughout the bureaucracy, throughout the common people, throughout the university system.
I can dream for their children that their kids can do better, that they can
And now our society will have to grapple with and deal with the reality that we can't just hide and pretend that's not the case anymore.
Today, the total number of Americans who have died is more than 115,000.
A Columbia University study has calculated that had a stay-at-home order been imposed at the end of February, it would have prevented 83% of all U.S.
deaths.
A stay-at-home order in February instead of March would have saved 80% of the U.S.
This sounds exactly like Bret Weinstein, exactly like Tony Fauci, exactly like everyone.
It's remarkable to me that in the Vietnam War, I think 55,000 American soldiers died.
And we're now saying we might see four times that many people die.
Yep.
It's astounding.
You know, 9-11, we lost 3,000 people.
And in response to that, the country built an infrastructure for protecting against terrorist attacks that costs an average of $150 to $250 billion a year.
I think we need to take this threat as seriously as we take the threat of terrorism.
Are we really spending $150 billion a year on terrorism?
On anti-terror?
We also have $150 billion antibody market before the pandemic started, and then antibody intellectual property was completely undermined by the Supreme Court at the beginning of the pandemic that none of these people are talking about, but could be.
It has the potential to kill at least as many, if not considerably more Americans.
And I hope coming out of this- And it's much more dangerous than terrorism.
I mean, Kim Dotcom made that point, you know, it's more dangerous than nuclear weapons.
Nuclear weapons still can only kill a limited number of people, whereas a virus, if Lee Man-Yan is right, nobody can build natural immunity to it and all eight billion people will die.
whenever we do eventually come out of this.
We'll finally take... Whenever we do eventually come out of this.
My voice is getting tired.
We're almost done.
Take seriously the importance of health security and public health investments.
Finally, there was the toll on health care workers.
In New York, scores of health care workers died of the virus.
Scores?
How about we have an actual number?
New Yorkers tried to show their support
Every day thousands went to the streets and to their windows to say thank you.
That started in Italy and actually the National Public Radio did a story about how they were doing it on Montana.
In a town in Montana they were actually getting out of the window and howling like wolves.
And there was a real NPR program about that that showed that in Italy they were banging pans and in a place in Montana they were howling like wolves.
I'm getting chills again because it's so gross.
This is what they do with social media though, right?
They do it on social media.
They got the message out and then people participate.
No different than George Floyd, no different than the toilet paper craze, no different than how many shooters are there and was there one on the water tower?
You are asking the questions that they want you to ask and that's how you can't get out of the trap.
But we are gonna get our kids out of this trap.
We are definitely getting our kids out of this trap.
Here we go.
Potter's Field.
Drone shot, just in case anybody, you know, gets it misconstrued.
It's not just COVID, it's all the dead that we don't have a place to put in New York City.
But yeah, go ahead.
5,000 bodies a week.
Think about that.
The steepest drop in employment since the Great Depression.
Now countries around the world are beginning to reopen.
Healthcare officials warn of a second wave.
A second wave is how they're going to end it?
Wow, listen to the end.
Beginning to reopen.
Healthcare officials warn of a second wave.
And that's how we're going to go into the fall with a warning of the second wave.
Think about this.
Think about this very carefully, what I've shown you here, because we can keep going.
There are more.
Think very carefully about what I'm trying to argue here.
We need to come to a new consensus about what was done to us.
We needed to have a new consensus.
And the PBS NewsHour time machine is a great place to start to get people to revisit what actually happened.
That people were murdered and they lied about it around the world.
That molecular biology, as they tell it to us, cannot explain what happened.
And that the real reason why they did it was because they're protecting the vaccine schedule in America and around the world because it is a criminal enterprise.
And they need everyone in the world, especially the young parents and the young people that are not with children yet, to accept the vaccine schedule as proven.
The vaccine schedule as a given.
Because that's what Kissinger explained to us is the way that they will get control of us.
They can end us whenever they want to if we accept this schedule.
have complete control over our children's sovereignty if we accept this schedule.
We are giving implicit consent or implied consent when we leave our children at the mercy of social media.
And we cannot give implied consent to social media for our kids anymore.
We can't give implied consent for our health of our kids anymore.
And we must make people aware that the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise.
You cannot make a cuckoo clock
make toast, and you cannot make your body do something that it doesn't already do.
These people have lied to us about the fundamentals of our biology, and the way we fight back is to teach our kids the biology that edifies these three ideas.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent, and RNA
Definitely, definitely cannot pandemic because they are not viral.
They are not pattern integrities.
They can't go exponential, ladies and gentlemen.
They just can't.
Don't argue about what they want you to argue about.
Don't argue with whom they want you to argue.
If you like what you saw, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and try to find a way to support the stream.
If you can only share, please share the stream links at stream.GigaOM.bio.
And if you want to get in contact with us either privately or publicly, go to GigaOM.bio.
You guys gotta log off, you gotta get off, you gotta get off that social media because that's their weapon against us.
We don't have to fear the government, we have to fear social media.
That's the reality.
We gotta get our kids off of social media.
We gotta do it right now.
I love you all very much, ladies and gentlemen.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
I don't know if I'll do three hours again tomorrow, but I'll definitely see you tomorrow.